msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1012785532 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1035231308 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1038382041 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1080460538 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1088034372 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1115349385 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1195403585 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1228606217 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1234080048 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1245948589 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1279740095 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 128343003 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1295344967 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1319697592 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1340154762 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 134653575 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1369641351 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1378993004 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1398960420 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1409712092 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1438380470 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1477938270 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1480691817 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1488117653 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1490610545 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1501155493 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1507052657 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1531182070 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1543076841 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1605503115 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1620615953 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1649787185 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1650795706 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1677632726 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1753156897 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1788118743 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1793129039 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1808795637 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1831506626 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1865163384 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1868749724 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1948950538 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1954350065 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2009641590 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2016241839 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2030379529 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2054416053 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2079138505 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2087564297 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2090630781 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2100591314 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2105235825 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2110354788 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2115208183 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2116179210 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 230037562 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 256089615 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 289824728 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 298771388 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 301209060 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 311152880 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 317148495 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 320929101 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 328590697 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 382279259 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 396185675 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 406749219 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 415128526 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 443789561 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 462849534 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 463237487 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 490340692 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 508937719 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 530897671 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 612635506 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 635923763 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 646237583 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 647947307 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 654232823 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 699676965 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 719951447 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 729727705 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 746268571 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 762582869 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 794039160 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 804153761 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 806609384 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 817299424 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 821459229 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 833536074 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 856901921 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 865326912 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 872522004 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 876953201 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 880987917 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 92737660 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 935832500 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 984942313 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 999212120 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 999295617 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller v17.0 reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_h_list=[]
msx-listener INFO: nameRemovePara = org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testOneKey
msx-listener INFO: write result to file /root/ZebraConf/runner/shared/test_results/org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testOneKey
msx-listener INFO: writeFile, the original testName is org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testOneKey
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener test started org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testOneKey
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testOneKey
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-output-log /root/flink-1.12.1/flink-table/flink-table-planner-blink/target/surefire-reports/org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest-output.txt
msx-rc 0
