msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1007128813 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1007379546 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1030175374 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1041618828 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 107872781 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1102765913 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1113316231 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1117291318 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1123978212 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1170965021 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1172644143 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1173412085 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1204030294 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1233416521 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1239424772 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1242503746 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1251237486 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1281205497 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1290542165 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1292552151 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1296716293 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1316820375 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1337480844 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1340721586 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1364597528 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1417123274 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1421720367 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1435238201 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1454026445 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 147182340 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1523632572 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1544046610 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1570907936 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1571853252 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1577634882 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1597169296 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1626444818 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1628851860 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 16338980 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1641514309 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1647509016 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1710566599 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 172396248 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1746557739 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1748383060 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1827753411 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1852660314 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1866205519 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1940799672 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1953958816 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 1999440973 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2008426752 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2031405228 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2084358969 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2117420148 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2127400355 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2130846691 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 2136415272 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 231767016 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 237282111 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 241295008 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 251664534 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 26089106 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 26179918 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 284829454 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 285318149 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 317408395 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 320273304 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 324033127 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 339894870 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 340504741 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 354766582 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 5533778 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 576440022 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 583937409 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 587291620 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 598940780 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 611300201 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 633915166 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 65579343 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 663216209 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 690211792 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 712845485 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 71662825 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 761577728 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 772188132 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 78018658 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 806900943 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 817299424 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 828147339 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 859985937 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 881969778 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 887398710 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 911262415 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 913946255 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 932312334 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 939569699 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 958509062 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 97368294 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller registerOrphanConf: add early conf 995059311 into externalConfSet
msx-confcontroller v17.0 reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_h_list=[]
msx-listener INFO: nameRemovePara = org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testMultiKeys
msx-listener INFO: write result to file /root/ZebraConf/runner/shared/test_results/org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testMultiKeys
msx-listener INFO: writeFile, the original testName is org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testMultiKeys
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener test started org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testMultiKeys
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest#testMultiKeys
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-output-log /root/flink-1.12.1/flink-table/flink-table-planner-blink/target/surefire-reports/org.apache.flink.table.planner.codegen.SortCodeGeneratorTest-output.txt
msx-rc 0
