hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
yarn.client.app-submission.poll-interval unit_test null get
yarn.client.application-client-protocol.poll-interval-ms unit_test 200 getLong
yarn.client.application-client-protocol.poll-timeout-ms unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.client.load.resource-types.from-server unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTP_ONLY get
yarn.resource-types unit_test null getStrings
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.principal unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192 getLong
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1 getLong
yarn.timeline-service.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:10200 get
yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.timeline-service.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.timeline-service.version unit_test 1.0 getFloat
yarn.timeline-service.versions unit_test null get
yarn.timeline-service.webapp.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:8188 get
