hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 true getBoolean
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 [I@74ee3d07 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 null getClassByNameOrNull
yarn.http.policy yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 HTTP_ONLY get
yarn.timeline-service.enabled yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 true getBoolean
yarn.timeline-service.reader.class yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 java.lang.Object get
yarn.timeline-service.reader.webapp.address yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 localhost:0 get
yarn.timeline-service.version yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 2.0 getFloat
yarn.timeline-service.versions yarn:TimelineReaderServer.1 null get
