org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestLongLong /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestModular /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestSummation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestBaileyBorweinPlouffe /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestJHLA /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.io.TestSequenceFileMergeProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobClientUnitTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestWrappedRecordReaderClassloader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestConstructQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestDBInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestCombineFileRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedPartitioner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestLineInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestBufferPushPull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestByteBufferReadWrite /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestInputBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestOutputBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestCombineHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestNativeCollectorOnlyHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.KVTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestNativeSerialization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.TestTaskContext /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestReadWriteBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestSizedWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.pipes.TestPipesNonJavaInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientRedirect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineOutputCollector /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineSequenceFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFadvisedChunkedFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFadvisedFileRegion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormatPathFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestGetSplitHosts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFileStreams /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestInputPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobAclsManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobEndNotifier /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobQueueClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestKeyValueTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalContainerLauncher /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalDistributedCacheManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapFileOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMaster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultipleTextOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueueConfigurationParser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestResourceMgrDelegate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSkipBadRecords /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSortedRanges /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestStatisticsCollector /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptFinishingMonitor /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskLogAppender /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskLog /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskPerformanceSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestWritableJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestClientDistributedCacheManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestDistributedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestURIFragments /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobSummary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDbClasses /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDBOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineSequenceFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileInputFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestNLineInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestControlledJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControlWithMocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestWrappedRRClassloader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMapFileOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPreemptableFileOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestBinaryPartitioner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestInputSampler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestKeyFieldHelper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedPartitioner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestRehashPartitioner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestTotalOrderPartitioner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestJHSSecurity /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestUmbilicalProtocolWithJobToken /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestEventFetcher /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMerger /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleClientMetrics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleScheduler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCluster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestContextFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobMonitorAndPrint /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobSubmissionFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapreduceConfigFields /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestShufflePlugin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestYarnClientProtocolProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestIds /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.commit.TestCommitterEventHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestShuffleProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttemptContainerRequest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncherImpl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.local.TestLocalContainerAllocator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.metrics.TestMRAppMetrics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.MRAppBenchmark /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestResourceCalculatorUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMCommunicator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.speculate.TestDataStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestAMInfos /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestCheckpointPreemptionPolicy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKillAMPreemptionPolicy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRuntimeEstimators /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestCompletedTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManagerInitWithNonRunningDFS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerLeveldbStateStoreService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJHSDelegationTokenSecretManager /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobIdHistoryFileInfoMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobListCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestUnnecessaryBlockingOnHistoryFileInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.dao.TestJobInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsJobBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestMapReduceTrackingUriPlugin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs-plugins
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRecordFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRPCFactories /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.util.TestMRCJCReflectionUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.util.TestMRCJCRunJar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
