hbase.block.data.cachecompressed unit_test false
hbase.block.data.cacheonread unit_test true
hbase.blockcache.minblocksize unit_test 65536
hbase.blockcache.use.external unit_test false
hbase.bucketcache.combinedcache.enabled unit_test true
hbase.bucketcache.ioengine unit_test null
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true
hbase.hfile.drop.behind.compaction unit_test true
hbase.lru.blockcache.acceptable.factor unit_test 0.99
hbase.lru.blockcache.hard.capacity.limit.factor unit_test 1.2
hbase.lru.blockcache.memory.percentage unit_test 0.25
hbase.lru.blockcache.min.factor unit_test 0.95
hbase.lru.blockcache.multi.percentage unit_test 0.5
hbase.lru.blockcache.single.percentage unit_test 0.25
hbase.lru.max.block.size unit_test 16777216
hbase.lru.rs.inmemoryforcemode unit_test false
hbase.offheapcache.minblocksize unit_test null
hbase.rs.cacheblocksonwrite unit_test false
hbase.rs.evictblocksonclose unit_test false
hbase.rs.prefetchblocksonopen unit_test false
hfile.block.bloom.cacheonwrite unit_test false
hfile.block.cache.size unit_test 0.4
hfile.block.index.cacheonwrite unit_test false
