hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@339f1ee0
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
hbase.client.connection.impl unit_test org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatBase$ConnectionForMergeTesting
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true
hbase.mapreduce.inputtable unit_test testTable
hbase.mapreduce.inputtable.shufflemaps unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.batchsize unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.cacheblocks unit_test false
hbase.mapreduce.scan.cachedrows unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.column.family unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@292afbbd
hbase.mapreduce.scan.columns unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.maxversions unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.row.start unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.row.stop unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.timerange.start unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.scan.timestamp unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.splittable unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.tableinput.mappers.per.region unit_test null
hbase.mapreduce.tif.ave.regionsize unit_test 8589934592
hbase.mapreduce.tif.input.autobalance unit_test true
hbase.security.authentication unit_test simple
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
