hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true
hbase.meta.replica.count unit_test 1
zookeeper.znode.backup.masters unit_test backup-masters
zookeeper.znode.balancer unit_test balancer
zookeeper.znode.clusterId unit_test hbaseid
zookeeper.znode.draining.rs unit_test draining
zookeeper.znode.master unit_test master
zookeeper.znode.masterMaintenance unit_test master-maintenance
zookeeper.znode.metaserver unit_test meta-region-server
zookeeper.znode.namespace unit_test namespace
zookeeper.znode.parent unit_test /hbase
zookeeper.znode.regionNormalizer unit_test normalizer
zookeeper.znode.replication unit_test replication
zookeeper.znode.replication.hfile.refs unit_test hfile-refs
zookeeper.znode.replication.peers unit_test peers
zookeeper.znode.replication.rs unit_test rs
zookeeper.znode.rs unit_test rs
zookeeper.znode.splitlog unit_test splitWAL
zookeeper.znode.state unit_test running
zookeeper.znode.switch unit_test switch
zookeeper.znode.tableEnableDisable unit_test table
