dfs.block.invalidate.limit unit_test 1000
dfs.datanode.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:9866
dfs.datanode.fileio.profiling.sampling.percentage unit_test 0
dfs.datanode.http.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:9864
dfs.datanode.https.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:9865
dfs.datanode.ipc.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:9867
dfs.datanode.peer.stats.enabled unit_test false
dfs.heartbeat.interval unit_test 3
dfs.hosts unit_test get
dfs.hosts.exclude unit_test get
dfs.namenode.avoid.read.stale.datanode unit_test false
dfs.namenode.avoid.write.stale.datanode unit_test false
dfs.namenode.blocks.per.postponedblocks.rescan unit_test 10000
dfs.namenode.datanode.registration.ip-hostname-check unit_test true
dfs.namenode.full.block.report.lease.length.ms unit_test 300000
dfs.namenode.heartbeat.recheck-interval unit_test 300000
dfs.namenode.max.full.block.report.leases unit_test 6
dfs.namenode.path.based.cache.retry.interval.ms unit_test 30000
dfs.namenode.reject-unresolved-dn-topology-mapping unit_test false
dfs.namenode.stale.datanode.interval unit_test 30000
dfs.namenode.stale.datanode.minimum.interval unit_test 3
dfs.namenode.write.stale.datanode.ratio unit_test 0.5
dfs.use.dfs.network.topology unit_test true
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.ssl.client.conf unit_test ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@60d8c9b7
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert unit_test false
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@3cd3e762
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
net.topology.script.file.name unit_test /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/test-classes/topology-script.sh
net.topology.script.file.name unit_test null
net.topology.script.number.args unit_test 100
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
ssl.client.keystore.type unit_test jks
ssl.client.truststore.location unit_test get
ssl.client.truststore.type unit_test jks
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@48aaecc3
