datanode.htrace.sampler.classes hdfs:DataNode.1 null
datanode.htrace.span.receiver.classes hdfs:DataNode.1 null
datanode.htrace.tracer.id hdfs:DataNode.1 null
dfs.block.scanner.volume.bytes.per.second hdfs:DataNode.1 1048576
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.blockreport.initialDelay hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec hdfs:DataNode.1 21600000
dfs.blockreport.split.threshold hdfs:DataNode.1 1000000
dfs.blocksize unit_test 134217728
dfs.cachereport.intervalMsec hdfs:DataNode.1 10000
dfs.client.socket-timeout hdfs:DataNode.1 60000
dfs.data.transfer.protection hdfs:DataNode.1 null
dfs.data.transfer.server.tcpnodelay hdfs:DataNode.1 true
dfs.datanode.balance.bandwidthPerSec unit_test 10485760
dfs.datanode.balance.max.concurrent.moves unit_test 50
dfs.datanode.bp-ready.timeout hdfs:DataNode.1 20
dfs.datanode.data.dir hdfs:DataNode.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@785735b6
dfs.datanode.disk.check.min.gap hdfs:DataNode.1 900000
dfs.datanode.disk.check.timeout hdfs:DataNode.1 600000
dfs.datanode.drop.cache.behind.reads hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.drop.cache.behind.writes hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.enable.fileio.fault.injection hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.failed.volumes.tolerated hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.datanode.fileio.profiling.sampling.percentage hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.datanode.lifeline.interval.seconds hdfs:DataNode.1 9000
dfs.datanode.max.locked.memory hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.datanode.max.transfer.threads unit_test 4096
dfs.datanode.min.supported.namenode.version hdfs:DataNode.1 2.1.0-beta
dfs.datanode.non.local.lazy.persist hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.oob.timeout-ms hdfs:DataNode.1 1500,0,0,0
dfs.datanode.outliers.report.interval hdfs:DataNode.1 1800000
dfs.datanode.peer.stats.enabled hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.readahead.bytes hdfs:DataNode.1 4194304
dfs.datanode.restart.replica.expiration hdfs:DataNode.1 50
dfs.datanode.scan.period.hours hdfs:DataNode.1 504
dfs.datanode.slow.io.warning.threshold.ms hdfs:DataNode.1 300
dfs.datanode.socket.reuse.keepalive hdfs:DataNode.1 4000
dfs.datanode.socket.write.timeout hdfs:DataNode.1 480000
dfs.datanode.sync.behind.writes hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.sync.behind.writes.in.background hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.synconclose hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.transfer.socket.recv.buffer.size hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.datanode.transfer.socket.send.buffer.size hdfs:DataNode.1 0
dfs.datanode.transferTo.allowed hdfs:DataNode.1 true
dfs.datanode.use.datanode.hostname hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.datanode.xceiver.stop.timeout.millis hdfs:DataNode.1 60000
dfs.encrypt.data.overwrite.downstream.derived.qop hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer hdfs:DataNode.1 false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer.algorithm hdfs:DataNode.1 null
dfs.heartbeat.interval hdfs:DataNode.1 3000
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes hdfs:DataNode.1 null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes hdfs:DataNode.1 null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id hdfs:DataNode.1 null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin hdfs:DataNode.1 60
hadoop.rpc.socket.factory.class.default hdfs:DataNode.1 org.apache.hadoop.net.StandardSocketFactory
hadoop.security.auth_to_local hdfs:DataNode.1 RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism hdfs:DataNode.1 hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication hdfs:DataNode.1 simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled hdfs:DataNode.1 false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms hdfs:DataNode.1 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload hdfs:DataNode.1 false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads hdfs:DataNode.1 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs hdfs:DataNode.1 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms hdfs:DataNode.1 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs hdfs:DataNode.1 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip hdfs:DataNode.1 true
hadoop.ssl.client.conf hdfs:DataNode.1 ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols hdfs:DataNode.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@531b07d5
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier hdfs:DataNode.1 DEFAULT
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert hdfs:DataNode.1 false
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals hdfs:DataNode.1 [I@701c2702
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides hdfs:DataNode.1 dr.who=;
ignore.secure.ports.for.testing hdfs:DataNode.1 false
io.file.buffer.size hdfs:DataNode.1 4096
ipc.maximum.data.length hdfs:DataNode.1 67108864
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf hdfs:DataNode.1 null
org.apache.hadoop.net.StandardSocketFactory hdfs:DataNode.1 class
ssl.client.keystore.type hdfs:DataNode.1 jks
ssl.client.truststore.location hdfs:DataNode.1 get
ssl.client.truststore.type hdfs:DataNode.1 jks
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list hdfs:DataNode.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@1d38095b
