bind.address hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.cluster.administrators hdfs:JournalNode.1 get
dfs.edit.log.transfer.bandwidthPerSec hdfs:JournalNode.1 0
dfs.edit.log.transfer.timeout hdfs:JournalNode.1 30000
dfs.ha.tail-edits.in-progress hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
dfs.http.policy hdfs:JournalNode.1 HTTP_ONLY
dfs.internal.nameservices hdfs:JournalNode.1 []
dfs.journalnode.edits.dir hdfs:JournalNode.1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/test/data/dfs/TestJournalNode
dfs.journalnode.edits.dir.perm hdfs:JournalNode.1 700
dfs.journalnode.enable.sync hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
dfs.journalnode.http-address hdfs:JournalNode.1 0.0.0.0:8480
dfs.journalnode.http-bind-host hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.journalnode.https-address hdfs:JournalNode.1 0.0.0.0:8481
dfs.journalnode.https-bind-host hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.journalnode.rpc-address hdfs:JournalNode.1 0.0.0.0:0
dfs.journalnode.rpc-bind-host hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.journalnode.sync.interval hdfs:JournalNode.1 120000
dfs.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@74589991
dfs.metrics.session-id hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1 hdfs:JournalNode.1 qjournal://journalnode0:9900;journalnode0:9901/test-journalid-1
dfs.nameservices hdfs:JournalNode.1 []
dfs.qjournal.queued-edits.limit.mb unit_test 10
dfs.web.authentication.kerberos.keytab hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
dfs.web.ugi hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
hadoop.http.acceptor.count hdfs:JournalNode.1 -1
hadoop.http.idle_timeout.ms hdfs:JournalNode.1 10000
hadoop.http.logs.enabled hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
hadoop.http.max.request.header.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 65536
hadoop.http.max.response.header.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 65536
hadoop.http.max.threads hdfs:JournalNode.1 -1
hadoop.http.selector.count hdfs:JournalNode.1 -1
hadoop.http.socket.backlog.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 128
hadoop.http.staticuser.user hdfs:JournalNode.1 dr.who
hadoop.http.temp.dir hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
hadoop.jetty.logs.serve.aliases hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.rpc.socket.factory.class.default hdfs:JournalNode.1 org.apache.hadoop.net.StandardSocketFactory
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication hdfs:JournalNode.1 simple
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.authorization hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.ssl.client.conf unit_test ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1800a575
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert unit_test false
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@3023df74
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
ipc.0.backoff.enable hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
ipc.0.faircallqueue.priority-levels hdfs:JournalNode.1 0
ipc.0.scheduler.priority.levels hdfs:JournalNode.1 4
ipc.client.async.calls.max hdfs:JournalNode.1 100
ipc.client.bind.wildcard.addr hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
ipc.client.connect.max.retries hdfs:JournalNode.1 10
ipc.client.connect.max.retries.on.sasl hdfs:JournalNode.1 5
ipc.client.connect.max.retries.on.timeouts hdfs:JournalNode.1 45
ipc.client.connect.retry.interval hdfs:JournalNode.1 1000
ipc.client.connect.timeout hdfs:JournalNode.1 20000
ipc.client.connection.idle-scan-interval.ms hdfs:JournalNode.1 10000
ipc.client.connection.maxidletime hdfs:JournalNode.1 10000
ipc.client.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
ipc.client.idlethreshold hdfs:JournalNode.1 4000
ipc.client.kill.max hdfs:JournalNode.1 10
ipc.client.low-latency hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
ipc.client.ping hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
ipc.client.rpc-timeout.ms hdfs:JournalNode.1 0
ipc.client.tcpnodelay hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
ipc.maximum.data.length hdfs:JournalNode.1 67108864
ipc.ping.interval hdfs:JournalNode.1 60000
ipc.server.handler.queue.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 100
ipc.server.listen.queue.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 128
ipc.server.log.slow.rpc hdfs:JournalNode.1 false
ipc.server.max.connections hdfs:JournalNode.1 0
ipc.server.max.response.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 1048576
ipc.server.read.connection-queue.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 100
ipc.server.read.threadpool.size hdfs:JournalNode.1 1
ipc.server.tcpnodelay hdfs:JournalNode.1 true
journalnode.htracesampler.classes hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
journalnode.htracespan.receiver.classes hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
journalnode.htracetracer.id hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf hdfs:JournalNode.1 null
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.net.StandardSocketFactory hdfs:JournalNode.1 class
rpc.metrics.percentiles.intervals hdfs:JournalNode.1 [I@2de56eb2
ssl.client.keystore.type unit_test jks
ssl.client.truststore.location unit_test get
ssl.client.truststore.type unit_test jks
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@145f66e3
