dfs.client.failover.proxy.provider.127.0.0.1 unit_test null
dfs.http.client.retry.policy.enabled unit_test false
dfs.nameservices unit_test []
dfs.webhdfs.acl.provider.permission.pattern unit_test ^(default:)?(user|group|mask|other):[[A-Za-z_][A-Za-z0-9._-]]*:([rwx-]{3})?(,(default:)?(user|group|mask|other):[[A-Za-z_][A-Za-z0-9._-]]*:([rwx-]{3})?)*$
dfs.webhdfs.oauth2.enabled unit_test false
dfs.webhdfs.rest-csrf.enabled unit_test false
dfs.webhdfs.socket.connect-timeout unit_test 60000
dfs.webhdfs.socket.read-timeout unit_test 60000
dfs.webhdfs.user.provider.user.pattern unit_test ^[A-Za-z_][A-Za-z0-9._-]*[$]?$
fs.automatic.close unit_test true
fs.client.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
fs.webhdfs.impl.disable.cache unit_test false
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test kerberos
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.service.shutdown.timeout unit_test 30
hadoop.ssl.client.conf unit_test ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6f9a441b
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert unit_test false
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@2bbaf4f0
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@943d528
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
ipc.client.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed unit_test false
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
ssl.client.keystore.type unit_test jks
ssl.client.truststore.location unit_test get
ssl.client.truststore.type unit_test jks
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2d127a61
