dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir unit_test qjournal://jn1:8020;jn2:8020;jn3:8020/jndata
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.ssl.client.conf unit_test ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2fc90711
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert unit_test false
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@267e2eb2
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
ssl.client.keystore.type unit_test jks
ssl.client.truststore.location unit_test get
ssl.client.truststore.type unit_test jks
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1214e61b
