dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled unit_test false
dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.ha.fencing.methods unit_test shell(true)
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal unit_test get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.rpc-address unit_test 1.2.3.1:12345
dfs.namenode.rpc-address unit_test 1.2.3.2:12345
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test 1.2.3.1:12345
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test 1.2.3.2:12345
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 unit_test null
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
ha.failover-controller.cli-check.rpc-timeout.ms unit_test 20000
ha.failover-controller.graceful-fence.connection.retries unit_test 1
ha.failover-controller.graceful-fence.rpc-timeout.ms unit_test 5000
ha.failover-controller.new-active.rpc-timeout.ms unit_test 60000
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
