dfs.namenode.rpc-address.invalid.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test ns1-nn1.example.com:8020
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test ns1-nn1.example.com:8020
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.invalid.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test ns1-nn2.example.com:9821
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test ns1-nn2.example.com:9821
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null
dfs.nameservice.id unit_test null
dfs.nameservices unit_test [ns1]
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@77a57272
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
