commitlog_total_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 3999 null
commitlog_total_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 3999 null
concurrent_compactors CassandraDaemon.1 2 null
concurrent_compactors CassandraDaemon.2 2 null
concurrent_compactors Tool.1 2 null
concurrent_compactors Tool.2 2 null
concurrent_compactors Tool.3 2 null
concurrent_compactors Tool.4 2 null
concurrent_validations CassandraDaemon.1 0 2
concurrent_validations CassandraDaemon.2 0 2
concurrent_validations Tool.1 0 2
concurrent_validations Tool.2 0 2
concurrent_validations Tool.3 0 2
concurrent_validations Tool.4 0 2
file_cache_size_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 123 null
file_cache_size_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 123 null
file_cache_size_in_mb Tool.1 119 null
file_cache_size_in_mb Tool.2 119 null
file_cache_size_in_mb Tool.3 119 null
file_cache_size_in_mb Tool.4 119 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold CassandraDaemon.1 0.33333334 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold CassandraDaemon.2 0.33333334 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold Tool.1 0.33333334 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold Tool.2 0.33333334 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold Tool.3 0.33333334 null
memtable_cleanup_threshold Tool.4 0.33333334 null
memtable_flush_writers CassandraDaemon.1 0 2
memtable_flush_writers CassandraDaemon.2 0 2
memtable_flush_writers Tool.1 0 2
memtable_flush_writers Tool.2 0 2
memtable_flush_writers Tool.3 0 2
memtable_flush_writers Tool.4 0 2
memtable_heap_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 123 null
memtable_heap_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 123 null
memtable_heap_space_in_mb Tool.1 119 null
memtable_heap_space_in_mb Tool.2 119 null
memtable_heap_space_in_mb Tool.3 119 null
memtable_heap_space_in_mb Tool.4 119 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 123 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 123 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb Tool.1 119 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb Tool.2 119 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb Tool.3 119 null
memtable_offheap_space_in_mb Tool.4 119 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 30 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 30 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb Tool.1 29 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb Tool.2 29 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb Tool.3 29 null
networking_cache_size_in_mb Tool.4 29 null
repair_session_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.1 30 null
repair_session_space_in_mb CassandraDaemon.2 30 null
repair_session_space_in_mb Tool.1 29 null
repair_session_space_in_mb Tool.2 29 null
repair_session_space_in_mb Tool.3 29 null
repair_session_space_in_mb Tool.4 29 null
