hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.authorization unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@1a901864 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
hbase.client.default.rpc.codec unit_test org.apache.hadoop.hbase.codec.KeyValueCodec get
hbase.client.ipc.pool.size unit_test 1 getInt
hbase.client.ipc.pool.type unit_test null get
hbase.client.pause unit_test 100 getLong
hbase.client.perserver.requests.threshold unit_test 2147483647 getInt
hbase.client.rpc.codec unit_test org.apache.hadoop.hbase.codec.KeyValueCodec get
hbase.client.rpc.compressor unit_test null get
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.cellblock.building.initial.buffersize unit_test 16384 getInt
hbase.ipc.cellblock.decompression.buffersize.multiplier unit_test 3 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.connect.max.retries unit_test 0 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.connection.minIdleTimeBeforeClose unit_test 120000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.failed.servers.expiry unit_test 2000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.client.socket.timeout.connect unit_test 10000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.socket.timeout.read unit_test 20000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.socket.timeout.write unit_test 60000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.tcpkeepalive unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.client.tcpnodelay unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.max.request.size unit_test 268435456 getInt
hbase.ipc.min.client.request.timeout unit_test 20 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.ipc.server.max.callqueue.length unit_test 10 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.max.callqueue.size unit_test 1073741824 getLong
hbase.ipc.server.reservoir.initial.buffer.size unit_test 65536 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.reservoir.initial.max unit_test 320 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.tcpkeepalive unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.server.tcpnodelay unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.warn.response.size unit_test 104857600 getInt
hbase.ipc.warn.response.time unit_test 10000 getInt
hbase.regionserver.handler.count unit_test 5 getInt
hbase.rpc.client.event-loop.config unit_test global-event-loop get
hbase.rpc.crypto.encryption.aes.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hbase.security.relogin.maxbackoff unit_test 5000 getInt
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf getClassByNameOrNull
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable getClassByNameOrNull
