hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.meta.replica.count unit_test 1 getInt
zookeeper.znode.backup.masters unit_test backup-masters get
zookeeper.znode.balancer unit_test balancer get
zookeeper.znode.clusterId unit_test hbaseid get
zookeeper.znode.draining.rs unit_test draining get
zookeeper.znode.master unit_test master get
zookeeper.znode.masterMaintenance unit_test master-maintenance get
zookeeper.znode.metaserver unit_test meta-region-server get
zookeeper.znode.namespace unit_test namespace get
zookeeper.znode.parent unit_test /hbase get
zookeeper.znode.regionNormalizer unit_test normalizer get
zookeeper.znode.replication unit_test replication get
zookeeper.znode.replication.hfile.refs unit_test hfile-refs get
zookeeper.znode.replication.peers unit_test peers get
zookeeper.znode.replication.rs unit_test rs get
zookeeper.znode.rs unit_test rs get
zookeeper.znode.splitlog unit_test splitWAL get
zookeeper.znode.state unit_test running get
zookeeper.znode.switch unit_test switch get
zookeeper.znode.tableEnableDisable unit_test table get
