hbase.balancer.tablesOnMaster.systemTablesOnly unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.localityCost unit_test 0.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxMovePercent unit_test 0.75 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxMovePercent unit_test 1.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxRunningTime unit_test 120000 getLong
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxRunningTime unit_test 30000 getLong
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxRunningTime unit_test 90000 getLong
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxSteps unit_test 1000000 getInt
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxSteps unit_test 2000000 getInt
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.maxSteps unit_test 4000000 getInt
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.memstoreSizeCost unit_test 5.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.minCostNeedBalance unit_test 0.05 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.moveCost unit_test 7.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.numRegionLoadsToRemember unit_test 15 getInt
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.primaryRegionCountCost unit_test 500.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.rackLocalityCost unit_test 15.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.readRequestCost unit_test 5.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.regionCountCost unit_test 500.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.regionReplicaHostCostKey unit_test 100000.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.regionReplicaRackCostKey unit_test 10000.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.runMaxSteps unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.stepsPerRegion unit_test 800 getInt
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.storefileSizeCost unit_test 5.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.tableSkewCost unit_test 35.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.stochastic.writeRequestCost unit_test 5.0 getFloat
hbase.master.balancer.uselocality unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.master.loadbalance.bytable unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.regions.slop unit_test 0.0 getFloat
