hadoop.security.authorization unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.cellblock.building.initial.buffersize unit_test 16384 getInt
hbase.ipc.cellblock.decompression.buffersize.multiplier unit_test 3 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.call.purge.timeout unit_test 120000 getLong
hbase.ipc.client.connection.idle-scan-interval.ms unit_test 10000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.connection.maxidletime unit_test 10000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.idlethreshold unit_test 4000 getInt
hbase.ipc.client.kill.max unit_test 10 getInt
hbase.ipc.max.request.size unit_test 268435456 getInt
hbase.ipc.min.client.request.timeout unit_test 20 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.fallback-to-simple-auth-allowed unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.ipc.server.handler.queue.size unit_test 100 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.listen.queue.size unit_test 128 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.max.callqueue.length unit_test 10 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.max.callqueue.size unit_test 1073741824 getLong
hbase.ipc.server.read.connection-queue.size unit_test 100 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.read.threadpool.size unit_test 3 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.reservoir.initial.buffer.size unit_test 65536 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.reservoir.initial.max unit_test 320 getInt
hbase.ipc.server.tcpkeepalive unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.server.tcpnodelay unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.ipc.warn.response.size unit_test 104857600 getInt
hbase.ipc.warn.response.time unit_test 10000 getInt
hbase.regionserver.handler.count unit_test 5 getInt
hbase.rpc.server.impl unit_test org.apache.hadoop.hbase.ipc.SimpleRpcServer get
hbase.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hbase.taskmonitor.expiration.time unit_test 60000 getLong
hbase.taskmonitor.max.tasks unit_test 1000 getInt
hbase.taskmonitor.monitor.interval unit_test 10000 getLong
hbase.taskmonitor.rpc.warn.time unit_test 0 getLong
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf getClassByNameOrNull
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable getClassByNameOrNull
