hbase.block.data.cachecompressed unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.block.data.cacheonread unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.blockcache.minblocksize unit_test 65536 getInt
hbase.blockcache.use.external unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.bucketcache.acceptfactor unit_test 0.95 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.bucket.sizes unit_test null getStrings
hbase.bucketcache.combinedcache.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.bucketcache.extrafreefactor unit_test 0.1 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.ioengine unit_test offheap get
hbase.bucketcache.ioengine.errors.tolerated.duration unit_test 60000 getInt
hbase.bucketcache.memory.factor unit_test 0.25 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.minfactor unit_test 0.85 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.multi.factor unit_test 0.5 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.percentage.in.combinedcache unit_test null get
hbase.bucketcache.persistent.path unit_test null get
hbase.bucketcache.single.factor unit_test 0.25 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.size unit_test 100.0 getFloat
hbase.bucketcache.writer.queuelength unit_test 64 getInt
hbase.bucketcache.writer.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hbase.defaults.for.version.skip unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.hfile.drop.behind.compaction unit_test true getBoolean
hbase.lru.blockcache.acceptable.factor unit_test 0.99 getFloat
hbase.lru.blockcache.hard.capacity.limit.factor unit_test 1.2 getFloat
hbase.lru.blockcache.memory.percentage unit_test 0.25 getFloat
hbase.lru.blockcache.min.factor unit_test 0.95 getFloat
hbase.lru.blockcache.multi.percentage unit_test 0.5 getFloat
hbase.lru.blockcache.single.percentage unit_test 0.25 getFloat
hbase.lru.max.block.size unit_test 16777216 getLong
hbase.lru.rs.inmemoryforcemode unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.offheapcache.minblocksize unit_test null get
hbase.rs.cacheblocksonwrite unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.rs.evictblocksonclose unit_test false getBoolean
hbase.rs.prefetchblocksonopen unit_test false getBoolean
hfile.block.bloom.cacheonwrite unit_test false getBoolean
hfile.block.cache.size unit_test 0.001 getFloat
hfile.block.index.cacheonwrite unit_test false getBoolean
