dfs.client.failover.max.attempts hdfs:Router.1 15 getInt
dfs.client.failover.sleep.base.millis hdfs:Router.1 500 getInt
dfs.client.failover.sleep.max.millis hdfs:Router.1 15000 getInt
dfs.federation.router.admin.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.client.reject.overload hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.client.retry.max.attempts hdfs:Router.1 3 getInt
dfs.federation.router.client.thread-size hdfs:Router.1 32 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.clean.ms hdfs:Router.1 10000 getLong
dfs.federation.router.connection.creator.queue-size hdfs:Router.1 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.pool-size hdfs:Router.1 64 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.pool.clean.ms hdfs:Router.1 60000 getLong
dfs.federation.router.handler.count hdfs:Router.1 10 getInt
dfs.federation.router.handler.queue.size hdfs:Router.1 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.heartbeat.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.http.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.metrics.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.quota.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.reader.count hdfs:Router.1 1 getInt
dfs.federation.router.reader.queue.size hdfs:Router.1 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.rpc.enable hdfs:Router.1 true getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.safemode.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.store.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
dfs.permissions.superusergroup hdfs:Router.1 supergroup get
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin hdfs:Router.1 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local hdfs:Router.1 RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism hdfs:Router.1 hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication hdfs:Router.1 simple get
hadoop.security.authorization hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms hdfs:Router.1 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads hdfs:Router.1 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs hdfs:Router.1 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms hdfs:Router.1 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs hdfs:Router.1 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip hdfs:Router.1 true getBoolean
hadoop.token.files hdfs:Router.1 null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals hdfs:Router.1 [I@68999068 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides hdfs:Router.1 dr.who=; get
ipc.0.backoff.enable hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
ipc.0.faircallqueue.priority-levels hdfs:Router.1 0 getInt
ipc.0.scheduler.priority.levels hdfs:Router.1 4 getInt
ipc.client.connection.idle-scan-interval.ms hdfs:Router.1 10000 getInt
ipc.client.connection.maxidletime hdfs:Router.1 10000 getInt
ipc.client.idlethreshold hdfs:Router.1 4000 getInt
ipc.client.kill.max hdfs:Router.1 10 getInt
ipc.maximum.data.length hdfs:Router.1 67108864 getInt
ipc.server.listen.queue.size hdfs:Router.1 128 getInt
ipc.server.log.slow.rpc hdfs:Router.1 false getBoolean
ipc.server.max.connections hdfs:Router.1 0 getInt
ipc.server.max.response.size hdfs:Router.1 1048576 getInt
ipc.server.read.connection-queue.size hdfs:Router.1 100 getInt
ipc.server.tcpnodelay hdfs:Router.1 true getBoolean
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf hdfs:Router.1 null getClassByNameOrNull
rpc.metrics.percentiles.intervals hdfs:Router.1 [I@3c153a1 getInts
