abfs.external.authorization.class unit_test null
fs.azure.always.use.https unit_test null
fs.azure.atomic.rename.key unit_test null
fs.azure.block.location.impersonatedhost unit_test null
fs.azure.block.size unit_test null
fs.azure.concurrentRequestCount.in unit_test null
fs.azure.concurrentRequestCount.in.account unit_test null
fs.azure.concurrentRequestCount.out unit_test null
fs.azure.concurrentRequestCount.out.account unit_test null
fs.azure.createRemoteFileSystemDuringInitialization unit_test null
fs.azure.enable.autothrottling unit_test null
fs.azure.enable.delegation.token unit_test null
fs.azure.enable.flush unit_test null
fs.azure.io.read.tolerate.concurrent.append unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.backoff.interval unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.backoff.interval.account unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.max.backoff.interval unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.max.backoff.interval.account unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.max.retries unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.max.retries.account unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.min.backoff.interval unit_test null
fs.azure.io.retry.min.backoff.interval.account unit_test null
fs.azure.read.request.size unit_test null
fs.azure.read.request.size.account unit_test null
fs.azure.readaheadqueue.depth unit_test null
fs.azure.readaheadqueue.depth.account unit_test null
fs.azure.secure.mode unit_test false
fs.azure.secure.mode.account unit_test false
fs.azure.skipUserGroupMetadataDuringInitialization unit_test null
fs.azure.use.upn unit_test null
fs.azure.user.agent.prefix unit_test unknown
fs.azure.write.request.size unit_test null
fs.azure.write.request.size.account unit_test null
hadoop.security.credential.provider.path unit_test null
