state.backend.async unit_test true
state.backend.fs.memory-threshold unit_test 20
state.backend.fs.write-buffer-size unit_test 4096
state.backend.incremental unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.checkpoint.transfer.thread.num unit_test 1
state.backend.rocksdb.memory.high-prio-pool-ratio unit_test 0.1
state.backend.rocksdb.memory.managed unit_test true
state.backend.rocksdb.memory.write-buffer-ratio unit_test 0.5
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.actual-delayed-write-rate unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.background-errors unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.block-cache-capacity unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.block-cache-pinned-usage unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.block-cache-usage unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.column-family-as-variable unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.compaction-pending unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.cur-size-active-mem-table unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.cur-size-all-mem-tables unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.estimate-live-data-size unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.estimate-num-keys unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.estimate-pending-compaction-bytes unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.estimate-table-readers-mem unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.is-write-stopped unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.mem-table-flush-pending unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-deletes-active-mem-table unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-deletes-imm-mem-tables unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-entries-active-mem-table unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-entries-imm-mem-tables unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-immutable-mem-table unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-live-versions unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-running-compactions unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-running-flushes unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.num-snapshots unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.size-all-mem-tables unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.metrics.total-sst-files-size unit_test false
state.backend.rocksdb.options-factory unit_test org.apache.flink.contrib.streaming.state.DefaultConfigurableOptionsFactory
state.backend.rocksdb.predefined-options unit_test DEFAULT
state.backend.rocksdb.timer-service.factory unit_test ROCKSDB
state.backend.rocksdb.write-batch-size unit_test 2
state.savepoints.dir unit_test file:/tmp/junit3887910597696788782/junit5665014900928402142/
