execution.target unit_test yarn-per-job getString
jobmanager.memory.jvm-metaspace.size unit_test 256 mb get
jobmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.fraction unit_test 0.1 getFloat
jobmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.max unit_test 1 gb get
jobmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.min unit_test 192 mb get
jobmanager.memory.off-heap.size unit_test 128 mb get
jobmanager.memory.process.size unit_test 1337 mb get
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl getClassByName
taskmanager.memory.framework.heap.size unit_test 128 mb get
taskmanager.memory.framework.off-heap.size unit_test 128 mb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-metaspace.size unit_test 256 mb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.fraction unit_test 0.1 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.max unit_test 1 gb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.min unit_test 192 mb get
taskmanager.memory.managed.fraction unit_test 0.4 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.network.fraction unit_test 0.1 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.network.max unit_test 1 gb get
taskmanager.memory.network.min unit_test 64 mb get
taskmanager.memory.process.size unit_test 7331 mb get
taskmanager.memory.task.off-heap.size unit_test 0 bytes get
taskmanager.numberOfTaskSlots unit_test 42 getInteger
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl get
