containerized.taskmanager.env.key1 unit_test value1 getString
containerized.taskmanager.env.key2 unit_test value2 getString
env.java.opts unit_test -Djvm getString
env.java.opts.taskmanager unit_test -DjmJvm getString
external-resources unit_test [] get
kubernetes.cluster-id unit_test my-flink-cluster1 getString
kubernetes.container-start-command-template unit_test %java% 1 %classpath% 2 %jvmmem% %jvmopts% %logging% %class% %args% getString
kubernetes.entry.path unit_test /opt/flink/bin/start.sh getString
kubernetes.flink.conf.dir unit_test /opt/flink/flink-conf- getString
kubernetes.flink.log.dir unit_test /opt/flink/flink-log- getString
kubernetes.namespace unit_test test getString
kubernetes.transactional-operation.max-retries unit_test 5 getInteger
taskmanager.cpu.cores unit_test 2.0 getDouble
taskmanager.memory.framework.heap.size unit_test 128 mb get
taskmanager.memory.framework.off-heap.size unit_test 128 mb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-metaspace.size unit_test 256 mb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.fraction unit_test 0.1 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.max unit_test 1 gb get
taskmanager.memory.jvm-overhead.min unit_test 192 mb get
taskmanager.memory.managed.fraction unit_test 0.4 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.network.fraction unit_test 0.1 getFloat
taskmanager.memory.network.max unit_test 1 gb get
taskmanager.memory.network.min unit_test 64 mb get
taskmanager.memory.process.size unit_test 1184 mb get
taskmanager.memory.task.off-heap.size unit_test 0 bytes get
