fs.allowed-fallback-filesystems unit_test  getString
fs.file.limit.input unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.file.limit.output unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.file.limit.total unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3.limit.input unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3.limit.output unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3.limit.total unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3p.limit.input unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3p.limit.output unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.s3p.limit.total unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test-entropy.limit.input unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test-entropy.limit.output unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test-entropy.limit.total unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test.limit.input unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test.limit.output unit_test -1 getInteger
fs.test.limit.total unit_test -1 getInteger
io.tmp.dirs unit_test /tmp getString
presto.s3.access-key unit_test test_access_key_id getString
presto.s3.secret-key unit_test test_secret_access_key getString
s3.upload.max.concurrent.uploads unit_test 40 getInteger
s3.upload.min.part.size unit_test 5242880 getLong
