dfs.content-summary.limit unit_test 5000 getInt
dfs.content-summary.sleep-microsec unit_test 500 getLong
dfs.ls.limit unit_test 1000 getInt
dfs.namenode.accesstime.precision unit_test 3600000 getLong
dfs.namenode.acls.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.namenode.fs-limits.max-component-length unit_test 255 getInt
dfs.namenode.fs-limits.max-directory-items unit_test 1048576 getInt
dfs.namenode.fs-limits.max-xattr-size unit_test 16384 getInt
dfs.namenode.fs-limits.max-xattrs-per-inode unit_test 32 getInt
dfs.namenode.inode.attributes.provider.bypass.users unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3c46e67a getTrimmedStrings
dfs.namenode.list.encryption.zones.num.responses unit_test 100 getInt
dfs.namenode.list.reencryption.status.num.responses unit_test 100 getInt
dfs.namenode.name.cache.threshold unit_test 10 getInt
dfs.namenode.posix.acl.inheritance.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.namenode.quota.init-threads unit_test 4 getInt
dfs.namenode.xattrs.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.permissions.ContentSummary.subAccess unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.permissions.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.permissions.superusergroup unit_test supergroup get
dfs.quota.by.storage.type.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.storage.policy.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
fs.protected.directories unit_test [] getTrimmedStringCollection
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.token.files unit_test null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@77a57272 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
