dfs.client.failover.connection.retries unit_test 0 getInt
dfs.client.failover.connection.retries.on.timeouts unit_test 0 getInt
dfs.client.failover.random.order unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.client.failover.random.order.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.namenodes.ns1 unit_test [nn1, nn2] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.internal.nameservices unit_test [] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.namenode.rpc-address unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.ns1.nn1 unit_test [I@15d9bc04 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.ns1.nn1 unit_test [I@64c87930 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.ns1.nn2 unit_test [I@400cff1a getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.ns1.nn2 unit_test [I@5d20e46 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test ns1-nn1.example.com:8020 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test ns1-nn2.example.com:8020 get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address unit_test null get
dfs.nameservices unit_test [ns1] getTrimmedStringCollection
fs.defaultFS unit_test hdfs://ns1/ get
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.token.files unit_test null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@77a57272 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
