dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir unit_test global-default get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir unit_test nn1-override get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir unit_test ns1-override get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1 unit_test ns1-override get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 unit_test nn1-override get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 unit_test null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 unit_test null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 unit_test null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns2 unit_test null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns2.nn1 unit_test null get
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@77a57272 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
