dfs.client.failover.connection.retries unit_test 0 getInt
dfs.client.failover.connection.retries.on.timeouts unit_test 0 getInt
dfs.client.failover.observer.auto-msync-period.testcluster unit_test -1 getTimeDuration
dfs.client.failover.random.order unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.client.failover.random.order.testcluster unit_test null get
dfs.ha.namenodes.testcluster unit_test [nn0, nn1, nn2] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn0 unit_test [I@2a798d51 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn0 unit_test [I@41fbdac4 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn1 unit_test [I@5119fb47 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn1 unit_test [I@6d763516 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn2 unit_test [I@52bf72b5 getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn2 unit_test [I@7193666c getInts
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn0 unit_test namenode0.test:8020 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn1 unit_test namenode1.test:8020 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn2 unit_test namenode2.test:8020 get
dfs.nameservices unit_test [testcluster] getTrimmedStringCollection
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.token.files unit_test null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@76508ed1 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
