dfs.ha.tail-edits.in-progress unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.ha.tail-edits.qjm.rpc.max-txns unit_test 5000 getInt
dfs.qjm.operations.timeout unit_test 60000 getTimeDuration
dfs.qjournal.accept-recovery.timeout.ms unit_test 120000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.finalize-segment.timeout.ms unit_test 120000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.get-journal-state.timeout.ms unit_test 120000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.http.open.timeout.ms unit_test 60000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.http.read.timeout.ms unit_test 60000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.new-epoch.timeout.ms unit_test 120000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.prepare-recovery.timeout.ms unit_test 120000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.select-input-streams.timeout.ms unit_test 20000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.start-segment.timeout.ms unit_test 20000 getInt
dfs.qjournal.write-txns.timeout.ms unit_test 20000 getInt
hadoop.ssl.client.conf unit_test ssl-client.xml get
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@667a738 getStrings
hadoop.ssl.hostname.verifier unit_test DEFAULT get
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert unit_test false getBoolean
ipc.maximum.data.length unit_test 67108864 getInt
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
ssl.client.keystore.type unit_test jks get
ssl.client.truststore.location unit_test  get
ssl.client.truststore.type unit_test jks get
ssl.server.exclude.cipher.list unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@36f0f1be getTrimmedStrings
