dfs.client.failover.max.attempts unit_test 15 getInt
dfs.client.failover.sleep.base.millis unit_test 500 getInt
dfs.client.failover.sleep.max.millis unit_test 15000 getInt
dfs.federation.router.admin.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.client.reject.overload unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.client.retry.max.attempts unit_test 3 getInt
dfs.federation.router.client.thread-size unit_test 32 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.clean.ms unit_test 10000 getLong
dfs.federation.router.connection.creator.queue-size unit_test 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.pool-size unit_test 64 getInt
dfs.federation.router.connection.pool.clean.ms unit_test 60000 getLong
dfs.federation.router.default.nameservice.enable unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.default.nameserviceId unit_test null get
dfs.federation.router.handler.count unit_test 10 getInt
dfs.federation.router.handler.queue.size unit_test 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.heartbeat.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.http.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.metrics.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.max-cache-size unit_test 10000 getInt
dfs.federation.router.quota.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.reader.count unit_test 1 getInt
dfs.federation.router.reader.queue.size unit_test 100 getInt
dfs.federation.router.rpc.enable unit_test true getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.safemode.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.federation.router.store.enable unit_test false getBoolean
dfs.ha.namenode.id unit_test null get
dfs.ha.namenodes unit_test [] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.namenode.rpc-address unit_test null get
dfs.nameservice.id unit_test null get
dfs.nameservices unit_test [] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.permissions.superusergroup unit_test supergroup get
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.authorization unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@a514af7 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
ipc.8888.backoff.enable unit_test false getBoolean
ipc.8888.faircallqueue.priority-levels unit_test 0 getInt
ipc.8888.scheduler.priority.levels unit_test 4 getInt
ipc.client.connection.idle-scan-interval.ms unit_test 10000 getInt
ipc.client.connection.maxidletime unit_test 10000 getInt
ipc.client.idlethreshold unit_test 4000 getInt
ipc.client.kill.max unit_test 10 getInt
ipc.maximum.data.length unit_test 67108864 getInt
ipc.server.listen.queue.size unit_test 128 getInt
ipc.server.log.slow.rpc unit_test false getBoolean
ipc.server.max.connections unit_test 0 getInt
ipc.server.max.response.size unit_test 1048576 getInt
ipc.server.read.connection-queue.size unit_test 100 getInt
ipc.server.tcpnodelay unit_test true getBoolean
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
rpc.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@6e0dec4a getInts
