adl.debug.override.localuserasfileowner unit_test false
adl.enable.client.latency.tracker unit_test true
adl.events.tracking.clustername unit_test UNKNOWN
adl.events.tracking.clustertype unit_test UNKNOWN
adl.feature.ownerandgroup.enableupn unit_test false
adl.feature.support.acl.bit unit_test true
adl.http.timeout unit_test -1
fs.adl.oauth2.access.token.provider.type unit_test MSI
fs.adl.oauth2.msi.port unit_test -1
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.credential.provider.path unit_test null
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@55a561cf
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
