hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@1a052a00
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.gid unit_test 1
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.gid unit_test 10102
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.group unit_test null
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.group unit_test tnyybcvatlnxf
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.uid unit_test 0
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.uid unit_test 10101
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.user unit_test null
hdfs.image.writer.ugi.single.user unit_test tenaqvyybdhragqvatbf
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
