fs.azure.account.keyprovider.hopefullyNonExistentAccount unit_test null
fs.azure.block.size unit_test 536870912
fs.azure.concurrentRequestCount.out unit_test 8
fs.azure.input.stream.version.for.internal.use.only unit_test 2
fs.azure.io.read.tolerate.concurrent.append unit_test false
fs.azure.io.retry.backoff.interval unit_test 3000
fs.azure.io.retry.max.backoff.interval unit_test 30000
fs.azure.io.retry.max.retries unit_test 30
fs.azure.io.retry.min.backoff.interval unit_test 3000
fs.azure.local.sas.key.mode unit_test false
fs.azure.metrics.rolling.window.size unit_test 5
fs.azure.read.request.size unit_test 4194304
fs.azure.sas.nonExistentContainer.hopefullyNonExistentAccount unit_test null
fs.azure.secure.mode unit_test false
fs.azure.selfthrottling.enable unit_test true
fs.azure.selfthrottling.read.factor unit_test 1.0
fs.azure.selfthrottling.write.factor unit_test 1.0
fs.azure.skip.metrics unit_test false
fs.azure.storage.client.logging unit_test false
fs.azure.storage.emulator.account.name unit_test storageemulator
fs.azure.storage.timeout unit_test 0
fs.azure.write.request.size unit_test 4194304
fs.client.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
fs.wasb.impl.disable.cache unit_test false
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.credential.provider.path unit_test []
hadoop.security.credential.provider.path unit_test null
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@33b7ede
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
