hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@7364985f
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
mapred.child.ulimit unit_test null
mapred.task.maxvmem unit_test null
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version unit_test 2
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.cleanup-failures.ignored unit_test false
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.cleanup.skipped unit_test false
mapreduce.map.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.outputcommitter.factory.class unit_test getTrimmed
mapreduce.outputcommitter.factory.class unit_test null
mapreduce.reduce.ulimit unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
