file.bytes-per-checksum unit_test 512
file.stream-buffer-size unit_test 4096
fs.automatic.close unit_test true
fs.client.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
fs.defaultFS unit_test file:///
fs.file.impl.disable.cache unit_test false
fs.local.block.size unit_test 33554432
fs.permissions.umask-mode unit_test 022
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.security.uid.cache.secs unit_test 14400
hadoop.service.shutdown.timeout unit_test 30
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@71c8becc
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid unit_test true
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
io.seqfile.compression.type unit_test null
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@10aa41f2
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@10d68fcd
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@117e949d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1190200a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@11fc564b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@15ca7889
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1757cd72
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@175b9425
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@17a7f733
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@192c3f1e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1dac5ef
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1ebd319f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2118cddf
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@21b2e768
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@223191a6
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2638011
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2898ac89
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@291b4bf5
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@291caca8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2b4bac49
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2d2ffcb7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2f465398
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2f54a33d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3098cf3b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@313b2ea6
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@31f9b85e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@32910148
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@33c911a1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3571b748
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37271612
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37883b97
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37f1104d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@38102d01
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@385e9564
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@38e79ae3
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@394a2528
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@399c4be1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3af9c5b7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3c0be339
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3e96bacf
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3f56875e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@424e1977
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@445b295b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4470f8a6
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@45b4c3a9
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@484970b0
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@49e5f737
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4c309d4d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4c39bec8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4e3958e7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@548e6d58
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@55740540
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5609159b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@57250572
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@58ea606c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5b94b04d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5c671d7f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5c90e579
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5f8edcc5
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@60015ef5
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@610f7aa
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6236eb5f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@623a8092
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@63070bab
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@63475ace
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@65d09a04
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68267da0
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@683dbc2c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68567e20
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@687e99d8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68e5eea7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a03bcb1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a2b953e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a2f6f80
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6ab778a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6db9f5a4
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6e509ffa
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6f45df59
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@707194ba
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@740773a3
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@75db5df9
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@762ef0ea
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@76ed1b7c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7748410a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@77f80c04
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7a675056
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7b02881e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7c1e2a9e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7c83dc97
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@8c3b9d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@a1cdc6d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@c86b9e3
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@d21a74c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@ed7f8b4
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@f79e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@fd07cbb
mapred.child.ulimit unit_test null
mapred.task.maxvmem unit_test null
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.nonrecursive.ignore.subdirs unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.recursive unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.inputdir unit_test file:/root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/target/test-dir/mapred
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads unit_test 1
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.minsize unit_test 0
mapreduce.job.working.dir unit_test null
mapreduce.map.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.reduce.ulimit unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.io.IntWritable unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.LongWritable unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.DefaultCodec unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.WritableSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroReflectSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroSpecificSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
zlib.compress.level unit_test DEFAULT_COMPRESSION
zlib.compress.strategy unit_test DEFAULT_STRATEGY
