file.bytes-per-checksum unit_test 512
file.stream-buffer-size unit_test 4096
fs.automatic.close unit_test true
fs.client.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
fs.defaultFS unit_test file:///
fs.file.impl.disable.cache unit_test false
fs.local.block.size unit_test 33554432
fs.permissions.umask-mode unit_test 022
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.security.uid.cache.secs unit_test 14400
hadoop.service.shutdown.timeout unit_test 30
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@1b083826
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid unit_test true
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
io.seqfile.compression.type unit_test null
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@10d68fcd
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@117e949d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@11fc564b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@15ca7889
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@17a7f733
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1ebd319f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1f59a598
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2118cddf
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@21b2e768
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2638011
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2898ac89
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@291b4bf5
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@293a5bf6
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2d2ffcb7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@2f465398
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3098cf3b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@31f9b85e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@32910148
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37883b97
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@38e79ae3
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@394a2528
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3c0be339
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3f56875e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@424e1977
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4e3958e7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@548e6d58
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5609159b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@610f7aa
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6236eb5f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@623a8092
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@63070bab
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@672872e1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68267da0
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@683dbc2c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68567e20
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@68e5eea7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a03bcb1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6ab778a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6e509ffa
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6ff29830
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@762ef0ea
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@76ed1b7c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@77f80c04
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7a675056
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7c1e2a9e
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@d21a74c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@fa36558
mapred.child.ulimit unit_test null
mapred.task.maxvmem unit_test null
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.nonrecursive.ignore.subdirs unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.recursive unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.inputdir unit_test file:/root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/target/test-dir/mapred
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads unit_test 1
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 104232
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 132292
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 14867
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 150146
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 155111
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 166956
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 177209
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 184711
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 186554
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 217127
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 223783
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 2599
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 35891
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 373175
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 410899
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 61509
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 65
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 85164
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 86196
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.minsize unit_test 0
mapreduce.input.sequencefileinputfilter.frequency unit_test 1000
mapreduce.map.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.reduce.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.task.max.status.length unit_test 512
org.apache.hadoop.io.BytesWritable unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.Text unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.DefaultCodec unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.WritableSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroReflectSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroSpecificSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
zlib.compress.level unit_test DEFAULT_COMPRESSION
zlib.compress.strategy unit_test DEFAULT_STRATEGY
