org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestLongLong#testMultiplication /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestLongLong#testRightShift /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestModular#testDiv /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.pi.math.TestSummation#testSubtract /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSortWithLessThanTwoArgs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestBaileyBorweinPlouffe#testHexDigit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestBaileyBorweinPlouffe#testMod /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testAppendOp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testArguments /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testBadChunks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testCreateOp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testDataWriting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testFinder /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testList /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMkdir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testOpFailures /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testRange /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testRead /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testSelection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testSelector /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testSleep /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testTruncateOp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testCacheKeysAreCaseInsensitive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testCommandFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFsCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFsClose /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFsShutdownHook /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestJHLA#testJHLA /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.io.TestSequenceFileMergeProgress#testMergeProgressWithBlockCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.io.TestSequenceFileMergeProgress#testMergeProgressWithNoCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.io.TestSequenceFileMergeProgress#testMergeProgressWithRecordCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testAddingDependingJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testGetAssignedJobId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testIterable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testNestedIterable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testPreVersion21CompatibilityEmptyTuple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testPreVersion21Compatibility /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testSparseWideWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWideTuple2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWideTupleBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWideTuple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWideWritable2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWideWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestTupleWritable#testWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestWrappedRecordReaderClassloader#testClassLoader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestConstructQuery#testConstructQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestConstructQuery#testSetOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestDBInputFormat#testDBInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestDBInputFormat#testDBRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.db.TestDBInputFormat#testSetInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChain#testSetReducerWithReducerByValueAsFalse /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChain#testSetReducerWithReducerByValueAsTrue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestCombineFileRecordReader#testInitNextRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedPartitioner#testEmptyKey /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedPartitioner#testMultiConfigure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestLineInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleInputs#testAddInputPathWithFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleInputs#testAddInputPathWithMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestBufferPushPull#testPull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestBufferPushPull#testPush /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestByteBufferReadWrite#testCatFace /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestByteBufferReadWrite#testFlush /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestByteBufferReadWrite#testReadWrite /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestByteBufferReadWrite#testShortOfSpace /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestInputBuffer#testInputBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.buffer.TestOutputBuffer#testOutputBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testSnappyCompress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestCombineHandler#testCombine /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestCombineHandler#testCommandDispatcherSetting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestCombineHandler#testOnCall /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestNativeCollectorOnlyHandler#testCollect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestNativeCollectorOnlyHandler#testGetCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.handlers.TestNativeCollectorOnlyHandler#testOnCall /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.KVTest#null /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testKeySize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testValueSize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testDeserializerNoData /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testDeserializer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testSerializeKV /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testSerializeNoFlush /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testSerializePartitionKV /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestKVSerializer#testUpdateLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.serde.TestNativeSerialization#testRegisterAndGet /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.TestTaskContext#testTaskContext /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil#testBytesDoubleConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil#testBytesFloatConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil#testBytesIntConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil#testBytesLongConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestBytesUtil#testToStringBinary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestReadWriteBuffer#testReadWriteBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.utils.TestSizedWritable#testSizedWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.pipes.TestPipeApplication#testApplication /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.pipes.TestPipesNonJavaInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientRedirect#testRedirect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testAMAccessDisabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testCountersFromHistoryServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testHistoryServerNotConfigured /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testJobReportFromHistoryServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testNoRetryOnAMAuthorizationException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testReconnectOnAMRestart /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRemoteExceptionFromHistoryServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRetriesOnAMConnectionFailures /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRetriesOnConnectionFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRMDownForJobStatusBeforeGetAMReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRMDownForJobStatusBeforeGetAMReportWithRetryTimes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testRMDownRestoreForJobStatusBeforeGetAMReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClientServiceDelegate#testUnknownAppInRM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClock#testClock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterStatus#testGraylistedTrackers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterStatus#testJobTrackerState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineOutputCollector#testCustomCollect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineOutputCollector#testDefaultCollect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineSequenceFileInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCombineTextInputFormat#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testBakedUserComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput#testBuiltInGzipDecompressor /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput#testBzip2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput#testMoreBzip2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestConcatenatedCompressedInput#testPrototypeInflaterGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testCounterIteratorConcurrency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testCounterLimits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testCounterValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testFilesystemCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testFileSystemGroupIteratorConcurrency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testFrameworkCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testGroupIteratorConcurrency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testLegacyGetGroupNames /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testMakeCompactString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testReadWithLegacyNames /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testTaskCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCounters#testWriteWithLegacyNames /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFadvisedChunkedFile#testDoubleClose /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFadvisedFileRegion#testCustomShuffleTransfer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormatPathFilter#testWithoutPathFilterWithGlob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormatPathFilter#testWithoutPathFilterWithoutGlob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormatPathFilter#testWithPathFilterWithGlob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormatPathFilter#testWithPathFilterWithoutGlob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testIgnoreDirs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testListLocatedStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusErrorOnNonExistantDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusNestedNonRecursive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusNestedRecursive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusSimple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileInputFormat#testSplitLocationInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testAbortV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testAbortV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithDuplicatedCommitV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithDuplicatedCommitV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithFailureV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithFailureV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbortV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbortV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapFileOutputCommitterV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapFileOutputCommitterV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapOnlyNoOutputV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapOnlyNoOutputV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryUpgradeV1V2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testFormatCompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testGzipWithTwoInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testNegativeRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testNoRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testPartialRecordCompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testPartialRecordUncompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testZeroRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestGetSplitHosts#testGetSplitHosts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFileStreams#testBadIFileStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFileStreams#testBadLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFileStreams#testCloseStreamOnException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFileStreams#testIFileStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFile#testIFileReaderWithCodec /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIFile#testIFileWriterWithCodec /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache#testBadIndex /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache#testCreateRace /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache#testInvalidReduceNumberOrLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache#testLRCPolicy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestIndexCache#testRemoveMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestInputPath#testInputPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobAclsManager#testAclsOff /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobAclsManager#testClusterAdmins /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobAclsManager#testClusterNoAdmins /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobAclsManager#testGroups /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClient#testAutoClosable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClient#testGetClusterStatusWithLocalJobRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClient#testGetStagingAreaDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClient#testIsJobDirValid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testDeprecatedPropertyNameForTaskVmem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testJobPriorityConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testMaxTaskFailuresPerTracker /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testMaxVirtualMemoryForTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testMemoryConfigForMapOrReduceTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testNegativeValueForTaskVmem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testNegativeValuesForMemoryParams /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testParseMaximumHeapSizeMB /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testProfileParamsDefaults /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testProfileParamsGetter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobConf#testProfileParamsSetter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMockResourceCalculatorProcessTree /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterD /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobEndNotifier#testLocalJobRunnerRetryCount /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobEndNotifier#testLocalJobRunnerUriSubstitution /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobInfo#testJobInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobInfo#testTaskID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobQueueClient#testPrintJobQueueInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestKeyValueTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestKeyValueTextInputFormat#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestKeyValueTextInputFormat#testNewLines /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestKeyValueTextInputFormat#testUTF8 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testBzip2SplitEndsAtCR /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testBzip2SplitEndsAtCRThenLF /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testBzip2SplitStartAtBlockMarker /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testBzipWithMultibyteDelimiter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testMultipleClose /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testRecordSpanningMultipleSplitsCompressed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testRecordSpanningMultipleSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testSafeguardSplittingUnsplittableFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testStripBOM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputContainingCRLF /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputCustomDelimiterPosValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputDefaultDelimiterPosValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputWithLargeSplitSize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalContainerLauncher#testKillJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalContainerLauncher#testRenameMapOutputForReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalDistributedCacheManager#testDownload /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalDistributedCacheManager#testDuplicateDownload /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalDistributedCacheManager#testEmptyDownload /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalDistributedCacheManager#testMultipleCacheSetup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testJobMaxMapConfig /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapFileOutputFormat#testPartitionerShouldNotBeCalledWhenOneReducerIsPresent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapProgress#testMapProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapTask#testShufflePermissions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMaster#testGetMasterAddress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitAtSplitBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitExceedingSplitBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitSingleSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLocality /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testMultiLevelInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testDeprecatedFunctions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileInputFormat#testFormatWithLessPathsThanSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileSplit#testgetLocations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultiFileSplit#testReadWrite /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMultipleTextOutputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testBlackListInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetNullCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testDepricatedMethods /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testJobID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testJobProfile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testReporter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testTaskAttemptID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldMethodsJobID#testTaskCompletionEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueueConfigurationParser#testQueueConfigurationParser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueue#test2Queue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueue#testDefaultConfig /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestQueue#testQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceTask#testValueIterator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceTask#testValueIteratorWithCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testStatusLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestResourceMgrDelegate#tesAllJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestResourceMgrDelegate#testGetRootQueues /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat#testBinary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testBinary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testcheckOutputSpecsForbidRecordCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testSequenceOutputClassDefaultsToMapRedOutputClass /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFilter#testMD5Filter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFilter#testPercentFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFilter#testRegexFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSequenceFileInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testClientClosesConnection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testGetMapOutputInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testIncompatibleShuffleVersion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testKeepAlive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testMapFileAccess /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testMaxConnections /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testRecoveryFromOtherVersions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testSendMapCount /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testSerializeMeta /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testShuffleMetrics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestShuffleHandler#testSocketKeepAlive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSkipBadRecords#testSkipBadRecords /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSortedRanges#testAdd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSortedRanges#testRemove /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestStatisticsCollector#testMovingWindow /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptFinishingMonitor#testFinshingAttemptTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testCheckpointIDTracking /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testCoalescedStatusUpdatesCleared /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testCommitWindow /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testGetMapCompletionEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testGetTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testJVMId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testSingleStatusUpdate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testStatusUpdateEventCoalescing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testStatusUpdateFromUnregisteredTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskAttemptListenerImpl#testStatusUpdateProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForJobCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForJobSetup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForTaskCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitRequiredForMapTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitRequiredForReduceTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testTaskCleanupDoesNotCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskLogAppender#testTaskLogAppender /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskLog#testTaskLog /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskLog#testTaskLogWithoutTaskLogDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskPerformanceSplits#testPeriodStatsets /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testBytesWrittenExceedingLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testBytesWrittenRespectingLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testScratchDirSize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testTaskProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskStatus#testMapTaskStatusStartAndFinishTimes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskStatus#testReduceTaskStatusStartAndFinishTimes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskStatus#testTaskDiagnosticsAndStateString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTask#testStatusUpdateDoesNotExitInUberMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTask#testStatusUpdateExitsInNonUberMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testGzipEmpty /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testMaxLineLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testMRMaxLine /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testNewLines /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testSplitableCodecs2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testSplitableCodecs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextInputFormat#testUTF8 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextOutputFormat#testCompress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextOutputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTextOutputFormat#testFormatWithCustomSeparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUtils#testLogFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUtils#testOutputFilesFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestWritableJobConf#testConfigurationWithDefaults /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestWritableJobConf#testEmptyConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestWritableJobConf#testNonEmptyConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMAdminCommandOpts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMProfiler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMRMemoryRequest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMRMemoryRequestOverriding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMStandardEnvWithCustomLibPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMStandardEnvWithCustomLibPathWithSeparateEnvProps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testAMStandardEnvWithDefaultLibPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testCustomAMRMResourceType /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testGetHSDelegationToken /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testHistoryServerToken /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testJobKill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testJobKillTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testJobPriority /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testJobSubmissionFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testNodeLabelExp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceMgrDelegate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityAny /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityMultipleNodesDefaultRack /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityMultipleNodesDifferentRack /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityMultipleNodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityNodeDefaultRack /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityNode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testResourceRequestLocalityRack /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testSendJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestYARNRunner#testWarnCommandOpts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointID#testFSCheckpointIDSerialization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointService#testCheckpointCreateDirect /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointService#testCheckpointCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.checkpoint.TestFSCheckpointService#testDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestClientDistributedCacheManager#testDetermineCacheVisibilities /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestClientDistributedCacheManager#testDetermineTimestamps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestDistributedCache#testAddFileToClassPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents#testEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents#testJobPriorityChange /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents#testJobQueueChange /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents#testTaskAttemptFinishedEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestEvents#testTaskUpdated /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testHumanDupePrinter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testHumanPrinterAll /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testHumanPrinter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testJSONDupePrinter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testJSONPrinterAll /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestHistoryViewerPrinter#testJSONPrinter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testAMStartedEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testBatchedFlushJobEndMultiplier /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSONEmpty /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSON /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDefaultFsIsUsedForHistory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteFailed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteThrows /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testFirstFlushOnCompletionEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testGetHistoryIntermediateDoneDirForUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testMaxUnflushedCompletionEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesNotLastAMRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesOnLastAMRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testPropertyRedactionForJHS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSetTrackingURLAfterHistoryIsWritten /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSigTermedFunctionality /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testUnflushedTimer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobSummary#testEscapeJobSummary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainMapNoOuptut /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainSubmission /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDbClasses#testDataDrivenDBInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDbClasses#testDataDrivenDBInputFormatSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDbClasses#testOracleDataDrivenDBInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDbClasses#testOracleDBRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDBOutputFormat#testConstructQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDBOutputFormat#testDB2ConstructQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDBOutputFormat#testORACLEConstructQuery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDBOutputFormat#testSetOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter#testEvenSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter#testOddSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter#testSingletonSplit2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter#testSingletonSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestIntegerSplitter#testTooManySplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters#testBigDecimalSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters#testBooleanSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters#testFloatSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters#testIntegerSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestSplitters#testTextSplitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testAlphabetSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testBigDecConvertEmpty /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testCommonPrefix /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testConvertA /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testConvertChomped /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testConvertStr /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testConvertThreeChars /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testConvertZ /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestTextSplitter#testStringConvertEmpty /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testForEmptyFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testForNonDefaultFileSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testGetSplitsWithDirectory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testMissingBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testNodeDistribution /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testNodeInputSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testRecordReaderInit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testReinit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacementForCompressedFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileRecordReader#testProgressIsReportedIfInputASeriesOfEmptyFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineSequenceFileInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineTextInputFormat#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testListLocatedStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusErrorOnNonExistantDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusNestedNonRecursive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusNestedRecursive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testListStatusSimple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testNumInputFilesIgnoreDirs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testNumInputFilesRecursively /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testNumInputFilesWithoutRecursively /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFileInputFormat#testSplitLocationInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testFormatCompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testGzipWithTwoInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testNegativeRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testNoRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testPartialRecordCompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testPartialRecordUncompressedIn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestFixedLengthInputFormat#testZeroRecordLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testBzip2SplitEndsAtCR /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testBzip2SplitEndsAtCRThenLF /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testBzipWithMultibyteDelimiter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testMultipleClose /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testRecordSpanningMultipleSplitsCompressed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testRecordSpanningMultipleSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testSafeguardSplittingUnsplittableFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testStripBOM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputContainingCRLF /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputCustomDelimiterPosValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInputDefaultDelimiterPosValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReader#testUncompressedInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testAddInputPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testForEmptyFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitAtSplitBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitExceedingSplitBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLastInputSplitSingleSplit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat#testGzip /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat#testNewLines /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat#testSplitableCodecs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRKeyValueTextInputFormat#testUTF8 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat#testBinary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileInputFilter#testMD5Filter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileInputFilter#testPercentFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMRSequenceFileInputFilter#testRegexFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testAddInputPathWithFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testAddInputPathWithMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestNLineInputFormat#testFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestControlledJob#testAddingDependingJobToCompletedJobFails /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestControlledJob#testAddingDependingJobToRunningJobFails /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testCircularDependency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControlWithMocks#testErrorWhileSubmitting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControlWithMocks#testFailedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControlWithMocks#testKillJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControlWithMocks#testSuccessfulJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testIdentity /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testInnerAssociativity /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testOuterAssociativity /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testIterable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testNestedIterable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testSparseWideWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWideTuple2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWideTupleBoundary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWideTuple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWideWritable2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWideWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinTupleWritable#testWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestWrappedRRClassloader#testClassLoader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testIOExRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testRuntimeExRun /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testAbortV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testAbortV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterRepeatableV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterRepeatableV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterV2TaskCleanupEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithDuplicatedCommitV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithDuplicatedCommitV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithFailureV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testCommitterWithFailureV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testConcurrentCommitTaskWithSubDirV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testConcurrentCommitTaskWithSubDirV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbortV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbortV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testInvalidVersionNumber /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapFileOutputCommitterV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testMapFileOutputCommitterV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testProgressDuringMerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryUpgradeV1V2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryV1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputCommitter#testRecoveryV2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputFormat#testCheckOutputSpecsException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestFileOutputFormat#testSetOutputPathException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMapFileOutputFormat#testPartitionerShouldNotBeCalledWhenOneReducerIsPresent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testEmptyOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRCJCFileOutputCommitter#testFailAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testBinary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testcheckOutputSpecsForbidRecordCompression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat#testSequenceOutputClassDefaultsToMapRedOutputClass /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testBadCommitterFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testBoundCommitterWithDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testBoundCommitterWithSchema /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFactoryEmptyOption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFactoryFallbackDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFactoryForSchema /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFactoryOverride /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFactoryUnknown /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterFallbackDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testCommitterNullOutputPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testFileOutputCommitterFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testFileOutputFormatBindingNoPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testFileOutputFormatBinding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testNamedCommitterFactoryNullPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testNamedCommitterFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitterFactory#testNamedCommitterNullPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitter#testFileOutputCommitterNullWorkPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPathOutputCommitter#testFileOutputCommitterOverrride /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestPreemptableFileOutputCommitter#testPartialOutputCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestBinaryPartitioner#testCustomOffsets /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestBinaryPartitioner#testDefaultOffsets /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestBinaryPartitioner#testLowerBound /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestBinaryPartitioner#testUpperBound /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestInputSampler#testIntervalSampler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestInputSampler#testMapredIntervalSampler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestInputSampler#testMapredSplitSampler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestInputSampler#testSplitSampler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestKeyFieldHelper#testgetStartEndOffset /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestKeyFieldHelper#testGetWordLengths /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestKeyFieldHelper#testparseOption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedPartitioner#testEmptyKey /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestRehashPartitioner#testPatterns /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestTotalOrderPartitioner#testTotalOrderBinarySearch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestTotalOrderPartitioner#testTotalOrderCustomComparator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestTotalOrderPartitioner#testTotalOrderMemCmp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestTotalOrderPartitioner#testTotalOrderWithCustomSerialization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestJHSSecurity#testDelegationToken /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testBinaryCredentialsWithoutScheme /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testBinaryCredentialsWithScheme /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testCleanUpTokenReferral /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testGetTokensForNamenodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testObtainTokens /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestTokenCache#testSingleTokenFetch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestUmbilicalProtocolWithJobToken#testJobTokenRpc /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriter#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriter#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestEventFetcher#testConsecutiveFetch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostBogusHeader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostCompressFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostConnectionRejected /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostConnectionTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostExtraBytes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostIncompatibleShuffleVersion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostIncompatibleShuffleVersionWithRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostOnAnyException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostWait /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostWithRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostWithRetryThenTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCopyFromHostWithRetryUnreserve /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testCorruptedIFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testInterruptInMemory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testInterruptOnDisk /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestFetcher#testReduceOutOfDiskSpace /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager#testIoSortDefaults /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager#testLargeMemoryLimits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager#testMemoryMerge /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager#testOnDiskMerger /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMergeManager#testZeroShuffleMemoryLimitPercent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMerger#testCompressed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMerger#testEncryptedMerger /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMerger#testInMemoryAndOnDiskMerger /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestMerger#testUncompressed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleClientMetrics#testShuffleMetricsTags /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleScheduler#TestAggregatedTransferRate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleScheduler#testDuplicateCopySucceeded /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleScheduler#TestSucceedAndFailedCopyMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.task.reduce.TestShuffleScheduler#testTipFailed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls#testClusterException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls#testClusterExceptionRootCause /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls#testClusterWithJTClientProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls#testClusterWithLocalClientProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestClientProtocolProviderImpls#testClusterWithYarnClientProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCluster#testProtocolProviderCreation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestContextFactory#testCloneContext /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestContextFactory#testCloneMapContext /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCounters#testCountersIncrement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCounters#testCounterValue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestCounters#testLimits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobMonitorAndPrint#testJobMonitorAndPrint /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testAllDefaults /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testAtResourceLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testAtResourcesMBLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testAtSingleResourceMBLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testErasureCodingDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testErasureCodingDisabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testNoLimitsWithResources /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testOriginalPathEndsInSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testOriginalPathIsRoot /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testOverResourceLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testOverResourcesMBLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testOverSingleResourceMBLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithFragNoSchemeAbsolute /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithFragNoSchemeRelative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithFragsAndWildCard /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithFragSchemeAbsolute /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithNoFragAndWildCard /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithNoFragNoSchemeAbsolute /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithNoFragNoSchemeRelative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testPathsWithNoFragWithSchemeAbsolute /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploader#testStringToPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheArchivesAndLibjarsEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheDisabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabledWithJobJarInSharedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobSubmissionFiles#testGetStagingDirWhenFullFileOwnerNameAndFullUserName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobSubmissionFiles#testGetStagingDirWhenShortFileOwnerNameAndFullUserName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobSubmissionFiles#testGetStagingDirWhenShortFileOwnerNameAndShortUserName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobSubmissionFiles#testGetStagingWhenFileOwnerNameAndCurrentUserNameDoesNotMatch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJob#testJobToString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJob#testUGICredentialsPropogation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJob#testUnexpectedJobStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testEmptyMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testGcCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testInvalidMultiMapParallelism /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testMapCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapreduceConfigFields#testCompareConfigurationClassAgainstXml /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapreduceConfigFields#testCompareXmlAgainstConfigurationClass /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapreduceConfigFields#testDefaultValueCollision /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapreduceConfigFields#testXmlAgainstDefaultValuesInConfigurationClass /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestShufflePlugin#testConsumerApi /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestShufflePlugin#testPluginAbility /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestShufflePlugin#testProviderApi /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testAppendTo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testCompareTo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testEquals /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testForName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testGetAllTaskTypes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testGetJobID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testGetRepresentingCharacter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testGetTaskType0args /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testGetTaskTypeChar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testHashCode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testIsMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testReadFields /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testToString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTaskID#testWrite /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testEnums /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testFromYarnApplicationReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testFromYarnJobReport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testFromYarn /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testFromYarnQueueInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestTypeConverter#testFromYarnQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestYarnClientProtocolProvider#testClusterGetDelegationToken /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestYarnClientProtocolProvider#testClusterWithYarnClientProtocolProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testGetJobWithoutRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testGetJobWithRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testJobKIll /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testListAttemptIdsWithInvalidInputs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testListAttemptIdsWithValidInput /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testListEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.tools.TestCLI#testLogs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testMRAsyncDiskServiceMoveAndDeleteAllVolumes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testMRAsyncDiskService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testMRAsyncDiskServiceStartupCleaning /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testRelativeToWorking /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testToleratesSomeUnwritableVolumes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.util.TestMRAsyncDiskService#testVolumeNormalization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestIds#testJobId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestIds#testTaskAttemptId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestIds#testTaskId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testBuildImplicitRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testCountersOverRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testSetCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testSetNonNullCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testSetNonNullRawCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testSetRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testSetRawCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskAttemptReport#testUninitializedCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testBuildImplicitRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testCountersOverRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testSetCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testSetNonNullCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testSetNonNullRawCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testSetRawCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testSetRawCountersToNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.api.records.TestTaskReport#testUninitializedCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.commit.TestCommitterEventHandler#testBasic /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.commit.TestCommitterEventHandler#testCommitWindow /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.commit.TestCommitterEventHandler#testFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testAbortJobCalledAfterKillingTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testCheckAccess /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testCheckJobCompleteSuccess /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testCommitJobFailsJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testFailAbortDoesntHang /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testJobNCompletedWhenAllReducersAreFinished /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testJobNoTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testJobNotCompletedWhenAllReducersAreFinished /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testJobPriorityUpdate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testKilledDuringCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testKilledDuringFailAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testKilledDuringKillAbort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testKilledDuringSetup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testMetaInfoSizeOverMax /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testRebootedDuringCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testRebootedDuringSetup /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testReportDiagnostics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testTransitionsAtFailed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testUberDecision /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestJobImpl#testUnusableNodeTransition /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLine /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLineWithLog4JConifg /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testEnvironmentVariables /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLine /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateCRLAShuffle /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateShuffle /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestShuffleProvider#testShuffleProviders /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttemptContainerRequest#testAttemptContainerRequest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testAppDiagnosticEventOnNewTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testAppDiagnosticEventOnUnassignedTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerCleanedWhileCommitting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerCleanedWhileRunning /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillAfterAssigned /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillOnNew /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillOnUnassigned /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillWhileCommitPending /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillWhileRunning /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testDoubleTooManyFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testFailMapTaskByClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testFetchFailureAttemptFinishTime /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testHostResolveAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskAfterSuccess /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskWhileFailFinishing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskWhileSuccessFinishing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testLaunchFailedWhileKilling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMapperCustomResourceTypes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMillisCountersUpdate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCpuRequestDefaultMemory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCpuRequestOverriding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCpuRequestViaMapreduceReduceCpuVcores /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCpuRequestViaMapreduceReduceResourceVcores /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCustomResourceTypes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerCustomResourceTypeWithInvalidUnit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestDefaultMemory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestMultipleName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestOverriding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestViaMapreduceReduceMemoryMb /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestViaMapreduceReduceResourceMemory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testReducerMemoryRequestWithoutUnits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testSingleRackRequest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTaskAttemptDiagnosticEventOnFinishing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTimeoutWhileFailFinishing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTimeoutWhileSuccessFinishing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTooManyFetchFailureAfterKill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testCommitAfterSucceeds /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testCountersWithSpeculation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testFailedTransitions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testFailedTransitionWithHangingSpeculativeMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testFailureDuringTaskAttemptCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testInit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillAttemptForSuccessfulTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillDuringTaskAttemptCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillRunningTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillScheduledTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillScheduledTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testKillSuccessfulTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testLaunchTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testMapSpeculativeTaskAttemptSucceedsEvenIfFirstFails /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testMapSpeculativeTaskAttemptSucceedsEvenIfFirstIsKilled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testMultipleTaskAttemptsSucceed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testReduceSpeculativeTaskAttemptSucceedsEvenIfFirstFails /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testReduceSpeculativeTaskAttemptSucceedsEvenIfFirstIsKilled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testScheduleTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testSpeculativeMapFailedFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testSpeculativeMapFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testSpeculativeMapMultipleSucceedFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskImpl#testTaskProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncherImpl#testContainerCleaned /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncherImpl#testHandle /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncherImpl#testMyShutdown /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncherImpl#testOutOfOrder /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testPoolLimits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testPoolSize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testSlowNM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.local.TestLocalContainerAllocator#testAllocatedContainerResourceIsNotNull /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.local.TestLocalContainerAllocator#testAllocResponseId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.local.TestLocalContainerAllocator#testAMRMTokenUpdate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.local.TestLocalContainerAllocator#testRMConnectionRetry /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.metrics.TestMRAppMetrics#testNames /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestResourceCalculatorUtils#testComputeAvailableContainers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMCommunicator#testRMContainerAllocatorExceptionIsHandled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMCommunicator#testRMContainerAllocatorYarnRuntimeExceptionIsHandled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAMRMTokenUpdate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAttemptNotFoundCausesRMCommunicatorException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAvoidAskMoreReducersWhenReducerPreemptionIsRequired /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testBlackListedNodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testBlackListedNodesWithSchedulingToThatNode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testCompletedContainerEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testCompletedTasksRecalculateSchedule /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testConcurrentTaskLimitsDisabledIfSmaller /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testConcurrentTaskLimits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testExcessReduceContainerAssign /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testExcludeSchedReducesFromHeadroom /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testHandlingFinishedContainers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testHeartbeatHandler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testIfApplicationPriorityIsNotSet /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testIgnoreBlacklisting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testMapNodeLocality /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testMapReduceAllocationWithNodeLabelExpression /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testMapReduceScheduling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testNonAggressivelyPreemptReducers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testPreemptReducers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReducerRampdownDiagnostics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReduceScheduling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testResource /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testRMContainerAllocatorResendsRequestsOnRMRestart /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testRMUnavailable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testSimple /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnconditionalPreemptReducers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnregistrationOnlyIfRegistered /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnsupportedMapContainerRequirement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnsupportedReduceContainerRequirement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUpdateAskOnRampDownAllReduces /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUpdateCollectorInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUpdatedNodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.speculate.TestDataStatistics#testEmptyDataStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.speculate.TestDataStatistics#testMutiEntryDataStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.speculate.TestDataStatistics#testSingleEntryDataStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.speculate.TestDataStatistics#testUpdateStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestAMInfos#testAMInfosWithoutRecoveryEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestCheckpointPreemptionPolicy#testPreemptionContract /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestCheckpointPreemptionPolicy#testStrictPreemptionContract /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testFailTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testMapFailureMaxPercent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testReduceFailureMaxPercent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTaskFailWithUnusedContainer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTimedOutTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureMultipleReduces /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureWithRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#checkConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testAbsentNotificationOnNotLastRetryUnregistrationFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryNormalShutdown /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryShutdownWithRuntimeException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryUnregistrationFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotifyRetries /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKillAMPreemptionPolicy#testKillAMPreemptPolicy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobAfterTA_DONE /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobBeforeTA_DONE /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWait /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#checkJobStateTypeConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#checkTaskStateTypeConversion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies#testComponentStopOrder /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterCredentials /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterFailLock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterForDifferentUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterJobLaunchTime /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMaxAppAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMidLock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMissingStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterShutDownJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterSuccessLock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCommitPending /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testContainerPassThrough /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCountersOnJobFinish /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobError /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootNotLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootOnLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobSuccess /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testMapReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testUpdatedNodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMapReduces /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMaps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#test /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#testViewAclOnlyCannotModify /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashOfMapsOnlyJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testMultipleCrashes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecoveryMapsOnly /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobIsNotCleanedWhenRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobOutputCleanedWhenNoRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryAllAttemptsKilled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryAllFailAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryFailsUsingCustomOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessUsingCustomOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryTaskSuccessAllAttemptsFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryTaskSuccessAllAttemptsSucceed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithOldCommiter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithoutShuffleSecret /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithSpillEncryption /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testSpeculative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRuntimeEstimators#testExponentialEstimator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRuntimeEstimators#testLegacyEstimator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testByPreserveFailedStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStagingOnKill /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStagingOnUnregistrationFailure /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNoDeletionofStagingOnReboot /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNotPreserveNotPatternMatchedStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedAndFailedStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedStaging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testStagingCleanupOrder /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler#testTaskTimeoutConfigBiggerThanTaskProgressReportInterval /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler#testTaskTimeoutConfigSmallerThanTaskProgressReportInterval /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler#testTaskTimeoutConfigWithoutTaskProgressReportInterval /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler#testTaskUnregistered /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestTaskHeartbeatHandler#testTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testAppControllerIndex /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testAppView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testConfView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testCountersView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testJobView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppRedirection /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppSSLDisabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testSingleCounterView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testSingleTaskCounterView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testTaskCountersView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testTasksView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testTaskView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid3 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdXMLCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempt#testGetTaskAttemptIdState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempt#testGetTaskAttemptIdXMLState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempt#testPutTaskAttemptIdState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesAttempt#testPutTaskAttemptIdXMLState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobConf#testJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesJobs#testJobsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testJobTaskCountersXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCountersDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCountersSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid3 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServicesTasks#testTasksXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testAMDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testAM /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testAMSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testAMXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testBlacklistedNodes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testBlacklistedNodesXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInfoDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInfoSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInfoXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInvalidAccept /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInvalidUri2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebServices#testInvalidUri /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testBadRequest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testBadRequestWithNullMessage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testDownloadConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testGetJobCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testGetJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testGetSingleJobCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testGetSingleTaskCounter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testGetTaskCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAppController#testTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestBlocks#testAttemptsBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestBlocks#testConfigurationBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestBlocks#testSingleCounterBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestBlocks#testTasksBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testGetGroups /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshAdminAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshJobRetentionSettings /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshLoadedJobCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshLogRetentionSettings /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshSuperUserGroups /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.server.TestHSAdminServer#testUGIForLogAndJobRefresh /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestCompletedTask#testCompletedTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestCompletedTask#testTaskStartTimes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManagerInitWithNonRunningDFS#testKeepRetryingWhileNameNodeInSafeMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithAdditionalFileSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemInSafeMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemNotBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithoutFileSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadNormalSizedJobShouldReturnCompletedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadOversizedJobShouldReturnUnParsedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoShouldReturnCompletedJobIfMaxNotConfiged /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoSummaryFileNotExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testMoveToDoneAlreadyMovedSucceeds /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testScanDirectory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService#testTokenStoreHdfs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService#testTokenStore /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService#testUpdatedTokenRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerLeveldbStateStoreService#testCheckVersion /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerLeveldbStateStoreService#testTokenStore /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJHSDelegationTokenSecretManager#testRecovery /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testCompletedJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testCompletedJobWithDiagnostics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testCompletedTaskAttempt /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testCompletedTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testCopmletedJobReportWithZeroTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEntities#testGetTaskAttemptCompletionEvent /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testAssignedQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testEventsFlushOnStop /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testHistoryEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testJobHistoryEventHandlerIsFirstServiceToStop /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testCountersForFailedTask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDeleteFileInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDiagnosticsForKilledJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testFailedJobHistoryWithoutDiagnostics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForFailedAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingWithParseErrors /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobHistoryMethods /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testMultipleFailedTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testPartialJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testScanningOldDirs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testTaskAttemptUnsuccessfulCompletionWithoutCounters0239 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testTaskAttemptUnsuccessfulCompletionWithoutCounters203 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testTaskAttemptUnsuccessfulCompletionWithoutCounters240 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testLaunch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testStartStopServer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testCachedStorageWaitsForFileMove /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testJobCacheLimitLargerThanMax /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testLoadedTasksEmptyConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testLoadedTasksNegativeConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testLoadedTasksZeroConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testLoadJobErrorCases /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testRefreshJobRetentionSettings /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testRefreshLoadedJobCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testRefreshLoadedJobCacheUnSupportedOperation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistory#testTasksCacheLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobIdHistoryFileInfoMap#testWithSingleElement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobListCache#testAddExisting /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobListCache#testEviction /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestUnnecessaryBlockingOnHistoryFileInfo#testTwoThreadsQueryingDifferentJobOfSameUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.dao.TestJobInfo#testAverageMergeTime /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.dao.TestJobInfo#testAverageReduceTime /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.dao.TestJobInfo#testGetFormattedStartTimeStr /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.dao.TestJobInfo#testGetStartTimeStr /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks#testAttemptsBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks#testHsController /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks#testHsJobsBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks#testHsTasksBlock /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestBlocks#testPullTaskLink /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsJobBlock#testHsJobBlockForNormalSizeJobShouldNotDisplayWarningMessage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsJobBlock#testHsJobBlockForOversizeJobShouldDisplayWarningMessage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testAboutView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testAppControllerIndex /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testAttemptsView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testAttemptsWithJobView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testConfView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testJobCounterViewForKilledJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testJobCounterView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testJobView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testLogsView1 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testLogsView2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testLogsViewBadStartEnd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testLogsViewSingle /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testSingleCounterView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testTasksViewNaturalSortType /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testTasksView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testTaskViewNaturalSortType /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHSWebApp#testTaskView /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobConfAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobCountersAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobTaskAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobTaskAttemptIdAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobTaskAttemptIdCountersAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobTaskAttemptsAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetJobTasksAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAcls#testGetSingleTaskCountersAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid3 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdXMLCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesAttempts#testTaskAttemptsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobConf#testJobConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobConf#testJobConfXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeBeginEndInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeBeginEnd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeBeginNegative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeBegin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeEndInvalidformat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeEndNegative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeEnd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryFinishTimeInvalidformat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryLimitInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryQueueNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeBeginEndInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeBeginEnd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeBegin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeEndInvalidformat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeEndNegative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeEnd /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeInvalidformat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStartTimeNegative /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStateInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryStateNone /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryState /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryUserNone /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobsQuery#testJobsQueryUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobAttempts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobAttemptsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersForKilledJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobCountersXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdInvalidXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobsDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobsSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesJobs#testJobsXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testJobTaskCountersXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdBogus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCountersDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCounters /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdCountersSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid3 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdNonExist /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTaskIdXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryInvalid /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryMap /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksQueryReduce /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServicesTasks#testTasksXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testHSDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testHS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testHSSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testHSXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInfoDefault /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInfoSlash /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInfoXML /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInvalidAccept /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInvalidUri2 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestHsWebServices#testInvalidUri /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestMapReduceTrackingUriPlugin#testProducesHistoryServerUriForAppId /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs-plugins
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.webapp.TestMapReduceTrackingUriPlugin#testProducesHistoryServerUriWithHTTPS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs-plugins
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testEncodingDecodingEquivalence /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testJobHistoryFileNameBackwardsCompatible /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testJobNamePercentDecoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testJobNamePercentEncoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testJobNameWithMultibyteChars /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testJobStartTimeBackwardsCompatible /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testQueueNamePercentDecoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testQueueNamePercentEncoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testTrimJobNameEqualsLimitLength /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testTrimJobName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testUserNamePercentDecoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestFileNameIndexUtils#testUserNamePercentEncoding /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryUtils#testGetConfiguredHistoryIntermediateUserDoneDirPermissions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryUtils#testGetHistoryDirsForCleaning /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRecordFactory#testPbRecordFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRPCFactories#test /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSepculateSuccessfulWithUpdateEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSpeculateSuccessfulWithoutUpdateEvents /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testGetJobFileWithUser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testInvalidWebappAddress /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testJobIDShort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testJobIDtoString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testLogSystemProperties /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspathWithArchives /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspathWithFramework /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspathWithJobClassloader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspathWithNoUserPrecendence /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetClasspathWithUserPrecendence /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetupDistributedCacheConflictsFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetupDistributedCacheConflicts /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetupDistributedCacheEmpty /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSetupDistributedCache /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testSystemClasses /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskAttemptIDShort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskAttemptIDtoString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskIDBadType /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskIDShort /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskIDtoString /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testTaskStateUI /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testToJobID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testToTaskAttemptID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.TestMRApps#testToTaskID /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testArguments /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testBuildTarBall /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testCollectPackages /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testConflictingFilesystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testDefaultFilesystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testEnvironmentReplacement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testExplicitFilesystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testHelp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testNativeIO /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testNoFilesystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testPermissionSettingsOnRestrictiveUmask /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testRecursiveEnvironmentReplacement /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testUpload /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testWrongArgument /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-uploader
org.apache.hadoop.util.TestMRCJCReflectionUtils#testSetConf /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
org.apache.hadoop.util.TestMRCJCRunJar#testRunjar /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient
