org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
yarn.resource-types unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1060b431 getStrings
yarn.resource-types unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4a87761d getStrings
yarn.resource-types unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@74ad1f1f getStrings
yarn.resource-types unit_test null getStrings
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.resource1.maximum-allocation unit_test 9223372036854775807 getLong
yarn.resource-types.resource1.minimum-allocation unit_test 0 getLong
yarn.resource-types.resource1.type unit_test COUNTABLE get
yarn.resource-types.resource1.units unit_test m get
yarn.resource-types.resource2.maximum-allocation unit_test 9223372036854775807 getLong
yarn.resource-types.resource2.minimum-allocation unit_test 0 getLong
yarn.resource-types.resource2.type unit_test COUNTABLE get
yarn.resource-types.resource2.units unit_test G get
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192 getLong
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1 getLong
