hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.registry.client.auth unit_test  getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.secure unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.registry.zk.service.allow.failed.sasl.clients unit_test true get
hadoop.registry.zk.service.dir unit_test  getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.zk.service.host unit_test localhost getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.zk.service.port unit_test 0 getInt
hadoop.registry.zk.service.service.jaas.context unit_test ZOOKEEPER_SERVER getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.zk.service.ticktime unit_test 3000 getInt
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test DEFAULT get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test kerberos get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@223aa2f7 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
