yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTP_ONLY get
yarn.resourcemanager.address unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 get
yarn.resourcemanager.address.rm1 unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.address.rm1 unit_test null getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.address.rm2 unit_test localhost:8022 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.address.rm3 unit_test localhost:8033 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.admin.address unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 get
yarn.resourcemanager.admin.address.rm1 unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.admin.address.rm2 unit_test localhost:8022 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.admin.address.rm3 unit_test localhost:8033 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.embedded unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.embedded unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.automatic-failover.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.curator-leader-elector.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.id unit_test rm1 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [.rm, rm1] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm1, rm2] getStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm1, rm2] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm1] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm2, rm3] getStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm2, rm3] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test rm1 get
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.rm1 unit_test null getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.resource-tracker.address unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 get
yarn.resourcemanager.resource-tracker.address.rm1 unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.resource-tracker.address.rm2 unit_test localhost:8022 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.resource-tracker.address.rm3 unit_test localhost:8033 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.address unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 get
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.address.rm1 unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.address.rm2 unit_test localhost:8022 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.address.rm3 unit_test localhost:8033 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 get
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm1 unit_test 1.2.3.4:8021 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm2 unit_test localhost:8022 getTrimmed
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm3 unit_test localhost:8033 getTrimmed
