hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true getBoolean
hadoop.token.files unit_test null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@6a78afa0 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
yarn.client.failover-max-attempts unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.client.failover-sleep-base-ms unit_test 30000 getLong
yarn.client.failover-sleep-max-ms unit_test 30000 getLong
yarn.federation.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.federation.failover.enabled unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.ipc.rpc.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMTokens$YarnBadRPC get
yarn.resourcemanager.address unit_test 0.0.0.0:8032 get
yarn.resourcemanager.connect.max-wait.ms unit_test 900000 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.connect.retry-interval.ms unit_test 30000 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
