hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60 getLong
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1] RULE:[2:$1] get
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop get
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple get
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3 getInt
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000 getLong
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30 getLong
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test false getBoolean
hadoop.token.files unit_test null get
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@693fe6c9 getInts
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=; get
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null getClassByNameOrNull
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl getClassByName
yarn.acl.enable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.admin.acl unit_test * get
yarn.am.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000 getLong
yarn.cluster.max-application-priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000 getInt
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl get
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000 getInt
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000 getLong
yarn.resource-types unit_test null getStrings
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.am-rm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.auto-update.containers unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch unit_test 0 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range unit_test 0 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets unit_test 60,300,1440 get
yarn.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.preemption.intra-queue-preemption.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanagers.heartbeat-interval-ms unit_test 1000 getLong
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000 getInt
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.resourcemanager.work-preserving-recovery.scheduling-wait-ms unit_test 10000 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.global-queue-max-application unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.lazy-preemption-enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-applications unit_test 10000 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-placement-enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.node-locality-delay unit_test 40 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-container-assignments unit_test 100 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-offswitch-assignments unit_test 1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.multiple-assignments-enabled unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings unit_test [] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings unit_test [u : a : q1] getTrimmedStringCollection
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings-override.enable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-additional-delay unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-full-reset unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.reservations-continue-look-all-nodes unit_test true getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.accessible-node-labels unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_administer_queue unit_test * get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_submit_applications unit_test * get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.capacity unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.default-node-label-expression unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-capacity unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.ordering-policy unit_test utilization get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.accessible-node-labels unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.acl_administer_queue unit_test   get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.acl_application_max_priority unit_test * get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.acl_submit_applications unit_test   get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.capacity unit_test 10.0 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.default-application-priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.default-node-label-expression unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-applications unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.maximum-capacity unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.ordering-policy unit_test fifo get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.queues unit_test null getStrings
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.reservable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.state unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q1.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.accessible-node-labels unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.acl_administer_queue unit_test   get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.acl_application_max_priority unit_test * get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.acl_submit_applications unit_test   get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.capacity unit_test 90.0 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.default-application-priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.default-node-label-expression unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-applications unit_test -1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.maximum-capacity unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.ordering-policy unit_test fifo get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.priority unit_test 0 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.queues unit_test null getStrings
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.reservable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.state unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.q2.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0 getFloat
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a2b953e getStrings
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7ea9e1e2 getStrings
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.reservable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.state unit_test null get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.enable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.maximum-threads unit_test 1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.scheduling-interval-ms unit_test 5 getLong
yarn.scheduler.capacity.user-metrics.enable unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.configuration.store.class unit_test file get
yarn.scheduler.include-port-in-node-name unit_test false getBoolean
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192 getInt
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192 getLong
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4 getInt
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024 getInt
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024 getLong
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1 getInt
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1 getLong
yarn.scheduler.queue-placement-rules unit_test [user-group] getStringCollection
