org.apache.hadoop.contrib.utils.join.TestDataJoin /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-datajoin
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractAppendLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractConcatLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractCreateLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractDeleteLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractDistCpLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractGetFileStatusLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractMkdirLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractOpenLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractRenameLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractRootDirLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlContractSeekLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlDifferentSizeWritesLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlFileSystemContractLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlPermissionLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlSdkConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestAdlSupportedCharsetInPath /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.live.TestMetadata /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.TestAzureADTokenProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.TestRelativePathFormation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.adl.TestValidateConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractAppend /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractConcat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractDistCp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractGetFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractMkdir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractOpen /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractRootDirectory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractSecureDistCp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractSeek /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAbfsFileSystemContractSetTimes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.contract.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemBasics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.diagnostics.TestConfigurationValidators /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAbfsClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAbfsIdentityTransformer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAbfsReadWriteAndSeek /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAbfsRestOperationException /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFilesystemAcl /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemAppend /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemAuthorization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemBackCompat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemCopy /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemE2E /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemE2EScale /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFinalize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFlush /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemInitAndCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemListStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemMainOperation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemMkDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemOauth /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemPermission /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemRandomRead /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestAzureBlobFileSystemRenameUnicode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestClientUrlScheme /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestFileSystemInitialization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestFileSystemProperties /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestFileSystemRegistration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestGetNameSpaceEnabled /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestOauthOverAbfsScheme /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.ITestWasbAbfsCompatibility /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.services.TestAbfsClient /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.services.TestAbfsClientThrottlingAnalyzer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.services.TestQueryParams /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.services.TestShellDecryptionKeyProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.TestAbfsConfigurationFieldsValidation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.TestAbfsCrc64 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.TestAccountConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azurebfs.utils.TestUriUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractAppend /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractDistCp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractGetFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractMkdir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractOpen /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.contract.ITestAzureNativeContractSeek /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.integration.CleanupTestContainers /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.integration.ITestAzureHugeFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestAzureConcurrentOutOfBandIo /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestAzureConcurrentOutOfBandIoWithSecureMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestAzureFileSystemErrorConditions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestBlobDataValidation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestBlobTypeSpeedDifference /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestBlockBlobInputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestContainerChecks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestFileSystemOperationExceptionHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestFileSystemOperationExceptionMessage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestFileSystemOperationsExceptionHandlingMultiThreaded /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestFileSystemOperationsWithThreads /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestListPerformance /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemAppend /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemAtomicRenameDirList /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemClientLogging /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemConcurrencyLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemContractEmulator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemContractLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemContractPageBlobLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFileSystemLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFSAuthorizationCaching /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFSAuthWithBlobSpecificKeys /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeAzureFSPageBlobLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestNativeFileSystemStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestOutOfBandAzureBlobOperationsLive /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestOutputStreamSemantics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestPageBlobInputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestReadAndSeekPageBlobAfterWrite /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestWasbRemoteCallHelper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.ITestWasbUriAndConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.metrics.ITestAzureFileSystemInstrumentation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.metrics.TestBandwidthGaugeUpdater /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.metrics.TestNativeAzureFileSystemMetricsSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.metrics.TestRollingWindowAverage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestBlobMetadata /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestBlobOperationDescriptor /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestClientThrottlingAnalyzer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestKeyPageBlobDirectories /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemAuthorization /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemBlockCompaction /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemConcurrency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemContractMocked /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemFileNameCheck /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemMocked /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestNativeAzureFileSystemOperationsMocked /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestOutOfBandAzureBlobOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestShellDecryptionKeyProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.azure.TestWasbFsck /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractDelete /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractDistCp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractGetFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractMkdir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractMultipartUploader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractOpen /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractRename /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractRootDir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.s3a.ITestS3AContractSeek /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.auth.ITestAssumedRoleCommitOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.auth.ITestAssumeRole /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.ITestCommitOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.ITestS3ACommitterFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.magic.ITestMagicCommitMRJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.magic.ITestMagicCommitProtocol /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.magic.ITestS3AHugeMagicCommits /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestDirectoryCommitMRJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestDirectoryCommitProtocol /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestPartitionCommitMRJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestPartitionedCommitProtocol /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestStagingCommitMRJobBadDest /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestStagingCommitMRJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.integration.ITestStagingCommitProtocol /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestPaths /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingDirectoryOutputCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingPartitionedFileListing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingPartitionedJobCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingPartitionedTaskCommit /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.terasort.ITestTerasortDirectoryCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.terasort.ITestTerasortMagicCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.TestMagicCommitPaths /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.TestTasks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContextCreateMkdir /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContextMainOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContext /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContextStatistics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContextURI /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.fileContext.ITestS3AFileContextUtil /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestBlockingThreadPoolExecutorService /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AAWSCredentialsProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ABlockOutputArray /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ABlockOutputByteBuffer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ABlockOutputDisk /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ABlocksize /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AClosedFS /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AContractGetFileStatusV1List /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ACopyFromLocalFile /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ADelayedFNF /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEmptyDirectory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSECBlockOutputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSEC /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSEKMSDefaultKey /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSEKMSUserDefinedKeyBlockOutputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSEKMSUserDefinedKey /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSES3BlockOutputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AEncryptionSSES3 /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AFailureHandling /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AFileOperationCost /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AFileSystemContract /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AInconsistency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AMetrics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AMiscOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3AMultipartUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ARemoteFileChanged /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ATemporaryCredentials /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3ATestUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3GuardCreate /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3GuardEmptyDirs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3GuardListConsistency /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.ITestS3GuardWriteBack /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.ITestDynamoDBMetadataStoreScale /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.ITestS3GuardConcurrentOps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.ITestS3GuardToolDynamoDB /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.ITestS3GuardToolLocal /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestDirListingMetadata /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestDynamoDBMiscOperations /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestLocalMetadataStore /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestNullMetadataStore /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestPathMetadataDynamoDBTranslation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestS3GuardCLI /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.s3guard.TestS3Guard /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestLocalMetadataStoreScale /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AConcurrentOps /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3ACreatePerformance /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3ADeleteFilesOneByOne /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3ADeleteManyFiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3ADirectoryPerformance /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AHugeFilesArrayBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AHugeFilesByteBufferBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AHugeFilesDiskBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AHugeFilesSSECDiskBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.scale.ITestS3AInputStreamPerformance /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestDataBlocks /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestInvoker /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestListing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3AAWSCredentialsProvider /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3ABlockOutputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3AExceptionTranslation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3AGetFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3AInputPolicies /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestS3AMultipartUploaderSupport /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestSSEConfiguration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TestStreamChangeTracker /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.yarn.ITestS3AMiniYarnCluster /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.yarn.ITestS3A /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3native.TestS3xLoginHelper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ITestProvidedImplementation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-fs2img
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFixedBlockResolver /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-fs2img
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestRandomTreeWalk /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-fs2img
org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSingleUGIResolver /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-fs2img
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestFilePool /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestFileQueue /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridMixClasses /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixMemoryEmulation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixRecord /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSummary /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestHighRamJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestPseudoLocalFs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestRandomAlgorithm /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestRandomTextDataGenerator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestRecordFactory /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestResourceUsageEmulators /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestUserResolve /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix
org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache.TestS3AResourceScope /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws
org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.impl.TestKafkaMetrics /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-kafka
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.io.TestKeyOnlyTextOutputReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestAutoInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestClassWithNoPackage /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestDumpTypedBytes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestLoadTypedBytes /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMRFramework /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestStreamJob /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyOutputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestDeletedDirTracker /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestRetriableFileCopyCommand /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestUniformSizeInputFormat /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.rumen.TestPiecewiseLinearInterpolation /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen
org.apache.hadoop.tools.rumen.TestRandomSeedGenerator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListingFileStatus /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpOptions /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestGlobbedCopyListing /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogs /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-archive-logs
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-archive-logs
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-archives
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestOptionsParser /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestRegexCopyFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestTrueCopyFilter /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtilsWithCombineMode /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestProducerConsumer /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestRetriableCommand /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestThrottledInputStream /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp
org.apache.hadoop.typedbytes.TestTypedBytesWritable /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.nodemanager.TestNMSimulator /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.scheduler.TestTaskRunner /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.TestSynthJobGeneration /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.utils.TestSLSUtils /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.web.TestSLSWebApp /root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls
