hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTPS_ONLY
yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTP_ONLY
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.enabled unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.enabled unit_test true
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test [rm1,
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.dummy unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.rm1 unit_test host2
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.rm2 unit_test host3
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.rm3 unit_test host4
yarn.resourcemanager.hostname.rm3 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm1 unit_test host2:2000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm1 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm2 unit_test host3:3000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm2 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm3 unit_test host4:4000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address.rm3 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.dummy unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.rm1 unit_test host5:5000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.rm1 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.rm2 unit_test host6:6000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.rm2 unit_test null
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.https.address.rm3 unit_test null
yarn.web-proxy.address unit_test host1:1000
yarn.web-proxy.address unit_test null
