org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.delete-delay-ms unit_test 20
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.delete-timeout-ms unit_test 1000
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.hierarchy unit_test /hadoop-yarn
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.mount unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.mount-path unit_test null
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.strict-resource-usage unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.linux-container-executor.cgroups.strict-resource-usage unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.resource.count-logical-processors-as-cores unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.resource.cpu-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.nodemanager.resource.detect-hardware-capabilities unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit unit_test 100
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit unit_test 50
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
