org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.0.cpus unit_test 4
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.0.memory unit_test 73717
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.1.cpus unit_test 4
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.1.memory unit_test 73727
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.node-ids unit_test [0,
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.numactl.cmd unit_test /usr/bin/numactl
yarn.nodemanager.numa-awareness.read-topology unit_test false
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
