mapred.child.java.opts unit_test  get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -XXdef -Xmx50m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -XXdef -Xmx700m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -XXdef get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms25m -Xmx50m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms2m -Xmx100m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms30m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms5m -Xmx50m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms5m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx30m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx50m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx5m get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test null get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test  get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -XXabc -Xmx200m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -XXabc -Xmx500m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -XXabc get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms10m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms2m -Xmx10m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms2m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms5m -Xmx200m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xmx10m -Xms1m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xmx10m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xmx2m get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test null get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test  get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -XXxyz -Xmx300m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -XXxyz -Xmx600m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -XXxyz get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms15m -Xmx300m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms20m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms3m -Xmx20m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms3m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx20m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx3m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx50m -Xms2m get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test null get
