org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.CommitResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.ContainerUpdateRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.ContainerUpdateResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.IncreaseContainersResourceRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.IncreaseContainersResourceResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.ReInitializeContainerRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.ReInitializeContainerResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.RestartContainerResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.RollbackResponsePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.StartContainerRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationResourceUsageReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationSubmissionContextPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationTimeoutPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.CollectorInfoPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerLaunchContextPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerRetryContextPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerStatusPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ExecutionTypeRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.LocalResourcePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.LogAggregationContextPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NMTokenPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeAttributeInfoPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeAttributeKeyPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeAttributePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeLabelPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeToAttributeValuePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PreemptionContainerPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PreemptionContractPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PreemptionMessagePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PreemptionResourceRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.QueueConfigurationsPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.QueueInfoPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.QueueStatisticsPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.QueueUserACLInfoPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.RejectedSchedulingRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ReservationAllocationStatePBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ReservationDefinitionPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ReservationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ReservationRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ReservationRequestsPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceAllocationRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceBlacklistRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceOptionPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceSizingPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceTypeInfoPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceUtilizationPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.SchedulingRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.SerializedExceptionPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.StrictPreemptionContractPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.TokenPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.URLPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.UpdateContainerErrorPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.UpdateContainerRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.UpdatedContainerPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.YarnClusterMetricsPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.NodeToAttributesPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.api.protocolrecords.impl.pb.NodesToAttributesMappingRequestPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
