hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@6973b51b
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceTypeInfoPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
