org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerReportPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourcePBImpl unit_test class
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.resource-types unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6dde5c8c
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.yarn.io/gpu.maximum-allocation unit_test 9223372036854775807
yarn.resource-types.yarn.io/gpu.minimum-allocation unit_test 0
yarn.resource-types.yarn.io/gpu.type unit_test COUNTABLE
yarn.resource-types.yarn.io/gpu.units unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
