hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin yarn:ResourceManager.1 60
hadoop.proxyservers yarn:ResourceManager.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@327b636c
hadoop.security.auth_to_local yarn:ResourceManager.1 RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism yarn:ResourceManager.1 hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication yarn:ResourceManager.1 simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads yarn:ResourceManager.1 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
hadoop.token.files yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals yarn:ResourceManager.1 [I@45dd4eda
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides yarn:ResourceManager.1 dr.who=;
jvm.pause.info-threshold.ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 1000
jvm.pause.warn-threshold.ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 10000
net.topology.script.file.name yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
net.topology.script.number.args yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationResourceUsageReportPBImpl yarn:ResourceManager.1 class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeLabelPBImpl yarn:ResourceManager.1 class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl yarn:ResourceManager.1 class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.api.records.impl.pb.MasterKeyPBImpl yarn:ResourceManager.1 class
yarn.acl.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.admin.acl unit_test *
yarn.admin.acl yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.am.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 600000
yarn.cluster.max-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.cluster.max-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold yarn:ResourceManager.1 5000
yarn.federation.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.http.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 HTTP_ONLY
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class yarn:ResourceManager.1 org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 600000
yarn.node-labels.configuration-type unit_test centralized
yarn.node-labels.configuration-type yarn:ResourceManager.1 centralized
yarn.node-labels.enabled unit_test true
yarn.node-labels.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.nodemanager.distributed-scheduling.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resource-types yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.resourcemanager.am-rm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.am.max-attempts yarn:ResourceManager.1 2
yarn.resourcemanager.amlauncher.thread-count yarn:ResourceManager.1 50
yarn.resourcemanager.application-timeouts.monitor.interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 3000
yarn.resourcemanager.auto-update.containers unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.auto-update.containers yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.bind-host yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.decommissioning-nodes-watcher.poll-interval-secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 20
yarn.resourcemanager.delegation.key.update-interval yarn:ResourceManager.1 86400000
yarn.resourcemanager.delegation.token.max-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 604800000
yarn.resourcemanager.delegation.token.renew-interval yarn:ResourceManager.1 86400000
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.id yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.resourcemanager.max-completed-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets yarn:ResourceManager.1 60,300,1440
yarn.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.preemption.intra-queue-preemption.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.node-ip-cache.expiry-interval-secs yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.resourcemanager.node-removal-untracked.timeout-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 60000
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanager-connect-retries yarn:ResourceManager.1 10
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanager.minimum.version yarn:ResourceManager.1 NONE
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanagers.heartbeat-interval-ms unit_test 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanagers.heartbeat-interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.nodes.exclude-path yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.resourcemanager.nodes.include-path yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.resourcemanager.opportunistic-container-allocation.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.placement-constraints.handler yarn:ResourceManager.1 disabled
yarn.resourcemanager.recovery.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.reservation-system.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.resource-profiles.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 600000
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.class yarn:ResourceManager.1 org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.CapacityScheduler
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.resourcemanager.state-store.max-completed-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.0.0.0:8088
yarn.resourcemanager.work-preserving-recovery.scheduling-wait-ms unit_test 10000
yarn.resourcemanager.work-preserving-recovery.scheduling-wait-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.global-queue-max-application yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.lazy-preemption-enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-placement-enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy.names yarn:ResourceManager.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@327b636c
yarn.scheduler.capacity.node-locality-delay yarn:ResourceManager.1 40
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-container-assignments yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-offswitch-assignments yarn:ResourceManager.1 1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.multiple-assignments-enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings yarn:ResourceManager.1 []
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings-override.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-additional-delay yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-full-reset yarn:ResourceManager.1 true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.reservations-continue-look-all-nodes yarn:ResourceManager.1 true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_application_max_priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 30.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.minimum-user-limit-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.user-limit-factor yarn:ResourceManager.1 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_application_max_priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 70.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.minimum-user-limit-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.user-limit-factor yarn:ResourceManager.1 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 10.5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@50b5ac82
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_application_max_priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 79.2
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.minimum-user-limit-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.user-limit-factor yarn:ResourceManager.1 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_application_max_priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.8
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.minimum-user-limit-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.user-limit-factor yarn:ResourceManager.1 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.accessible-node-labels yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_administer_queue yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_application_max_priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_submit_applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.auto-create-child-queue.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 20.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-application-priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-application-lifetime yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-applications yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.minimum-user-limit-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.user-limit-factor yarn:ResourceManager.1 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 89.5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@2053d869
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.default-node-label-expression yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-am-resource-percent yarn:ResourceManager.1 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-capacity yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.multi-node-sorting.policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.ordering-policy yarn:ResourceManager.1 utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.priority yarn:ResourceManager.1 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues yarn:ResourceManager.1 [Ljava.lang.String;@5ace1ed4
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.reservable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.state yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.maximum-threads yarn:ResourceManager.1 1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.scheduling-interval-ms yarn:ResourceManager.1 5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.user-metrics.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.configuration.store.class unit_test file
yarn.scheduler.configuration.store.class yarn:ResourceManager.1 file
yarn.scheduler.include-port-in-node-name yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 2048
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb yarn:ResourceManager.1 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 2
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores yarn:ResourceManager.1 1
yarn.scheduler.queue-placement-rules yarn:ResourceManager.1 [user-group]
yarn.timeline-service.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.timeline-service.generic-application-history.enabled yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
yarn.timeline-service.generic-application-history.store-class yarn:ResourceManager.1 null
yarn.webapp.api-service.enable yarn:ResourceManager.1 false
