hadoop.http.authentication.type unit_test simple
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@1aa7ecca
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
yarn.client.app-submission.poll-interval unit_test null
yarn.client.application-client-protocol.poll-interval-ms unit_test 200
yarn.client.application-client-protocol.poll-timeout-ms unit_test -1
yarn.client.load.resource-types.from-server unit_test false
yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTP_ONLY
yarn.resourcemanager.ha.rm-ids unit_test []
yarn.resourcemanager.webapp.address unit_test localhost:8089
yarn.timeline-service.client.best-effort unit_test false
yarn.timeline-service.enabled unit_test false
yarn.timeline-service.generic-application-history.enabled unit_test false
