hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.registry.client.auth unit_test getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.kerberos.realm unit_test EXAMPLE.COM
hadoop.registry.secure unit_test false
hadoop.registry.secure unit_test true
hadoop.registry.system.accounts unit_test sasl:yarn@,
hadoop.registry.user.accounts unit_test get
hadoop.registry.zk.connection.timeout.ms unit_test 15000
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.ceiling.ms unit_test 60000
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.times unit_test 5
hadoop.registry.zk.root unit_test /
hadoop.registry.zk.service.allow.failed.sasl.clients unit_test true
hadoop.registry.zk.service.dir unit_test getTrimmed
hadoop.registry.zk.service.host unit_test localhost
hadoop.registry.zk.service.port unit_test 0
hadoop.registry.zk.service.service.jaas.context unit_test ZOOKEEPER_SERVER
hadoop.registry.zk.service.ticktime unit_test 3000
hadoop.registry.zk.session.timeout.ms unit_test 60000
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test DEFAULT
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test kerberos
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@223aa2f7
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
