hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test false
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@74f0ea28
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeLabelPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.acl.enable unit_test false
yarn.admin.acl unit_test *
yarn.cluster.max-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.node-labels.configuration-type unit_test centralized
yarn.node-labels.enabled unit_test true
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resourcemanager.auto-update.containers unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets unit_test 60,300,1440
yarn.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.preemption.intra-queue-preemption.enabled unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanagers.heartbeat-interval-ms unit_test 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.work-preserving-recovery.scheduling-wait-ms unit_test 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.global-queue-max-application unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.lazy-preemption-enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-applications unit_test 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-placement-enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.node-locality-delay unit_test 40
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-container-assignments unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.maximum-offswitch-assignments unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.per-node-heartbeat.multiple-assignments-enabled unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings unit_test []
yarn.scheduler.capacity.queue-mappings-override.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-additional-delay unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-full-reset unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.reservations-continue-look-all-nodes unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6d763516
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@77888435
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.x.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.y.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_administer_queue unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_submit_applications unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@15c43bd9
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4218d6a3
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.x.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.maximum-threads unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.schedule-asynchronously.scheduling-interval-ms unit_test 5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.user-metrics.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.configuration.store.class unit_test file
yarn.scheduler.include-port-in-node-name unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.queue-placement-rules unit_test [user-group]
