hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.NodeIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceUtilizationPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.admin.acl unit_test *
yarn.am.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resourcemanager.am-rm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets unit_test 60,300,1440
yarn.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.preemption.intra-queue-preemption.enabled unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.global-queue-max-application unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-applications unit_test 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.node-locality-delay unit_test 40
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-additional-delay unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-full-reset unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.reservations-continue-look-all-nodes unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.capacity unit_test 25.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_administer_queue unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_submit_applications unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.capacity unit_test 25.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.capacity unit_test 25.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.capacity unit_test 25.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4466af20
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.user-metrics.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
yarn.timeline-service.generic-application-history.save-non-am-container-meta-info unit_test true
