hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test false
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@6e9a5ed8
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ExecutionTypeRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceRequestPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceTypeInfoPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.admin.acl unit_test *
yarn.cluster.max-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.increment-allocation unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.increment-allocation unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resourcemanager.auto-update.containers unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets unit_test 60,300,1440
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.nodemanagers.heartbeat-interval-ms unit_test 1000
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.work-preserving-recovery.scheduling-wait-ms unit_test 10000
yarn.scheduler.fair.allocation.file unit_test fair-scheduler.xml
yarn.scheduler.fair.allow-undeclared-pools unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.fair.assignmultiple unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.fair.continuous-scheduling-enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.fair.continuous-scheduling-sleep-ms unit_test 5
yarn.scheduler.fair.dynamic.max.assign unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.fair.locality-delay-node-ms unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.fair.locality-delay-rack-ms unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.fair.locality.threshold.node unit_test -1.0
yarn.scheduler.fair.locality.threshold.rack unit_test -1.0
yarn.scheduler.fair.max.assign unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.fair.preemption unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.fair.reservable-nodes unit_test 0.05
yarn.scheduler.fair.sizebasedweight unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.fair.update-interval-ms unit_test 500
yarn.scheduler.fair.user-as-default-queue unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.include-port-in-node-name unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.increment-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.increment-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
yarn.scheduler.reservation-threshold.increment-multiple unit_test 2.0
