org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationAttemptIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ApplicationIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ContainerIdPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.ResourceUtilizationPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nodemanager.container-metrics.enable unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.container-metrics.period-ms unit_test -1
yarn.nodemanager.container-metrics.unregister-delay-ms unit_test 10000
yarn.nodemanager.container-monitor.enabled unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.container-monitor.interval-ms unit_test 20
yarn.nodemanager.elastic-memory-control.enabled unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.pmem-check-enabled unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.resource-monitor.interval-ms unit_test 3000
yarn.nodemanager.resource.cpu-vcores unit_test 8
yarn.nodemanager.resource.detect-hardware-capabilities unit_test false
yarn.nodemanager.resource.memory-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.nodemanager.resource.memory.enforced unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit unit_test 100
yarn.nodemanager.vmem-check-enabled unit_test true
yarn.nodemanager.vmem-pmem-ratio unit_test 2.1
