hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test false
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@483f6d77
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.PriorityPBImpl unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.yarn.api.records.impl.pb.QueueUserACLInfoPBImpl unit_test class
yarn.acl.enable unit_test false
yarn.admin.acl unit_test *
yarn.am.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.dispatcher.print-events-info.threshold unit_test 5000
yarn.ipc.record.factory.class unit_test org.apache.hadoop.yarn.factories.impl.pb.RecordFactoryPBImpl
yarn.nm.liveness-monitor.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resource-types unit_test null
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.memory-mb.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.maximum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resource-types.vcores.minimum-allocation unit_test -1
yarn.resourcemanager.am-rm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.container-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.epoch.range unit_test 0
yarn.resourcemanager.metrics.runtime.buckets unit_test 60,300,1440
yarn.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.preemption.intra-queue-preemption.enabled unit_test false
yarn.resourcemanager.nm-tokens.master-key-rolling-interval-secs unit_test 86400
yarn.resourcemanager.rm.container-allocation.expiry-interval-ms unit_test 600000
yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.global-queue-max-application unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.maximum-applications unit_test 10000
yarn.scheduler.capacity.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.node-locality-delay unit_test 40
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-additional-delay unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.rack-locality-full-reset unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.reservations-continue-look-all-nodes unit_test true
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a1.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.a2.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.capacity unit_test 10.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@140c9f39
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.a.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.capacity unit_test 10.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b1.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.capacity unit_test 20.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b2.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.capacity unit_test 70.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.b3.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.capacity unit_test 50.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@346d61be
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.b.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.acl_administer_queue unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.acl_submit_applications unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.c1111.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4e7912d8
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.c111.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@72cde7cc
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.c11.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.capacity unit_test 100.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@79da8dc5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.c1.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.capacity unit_test 19.5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@69e1dd28
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.c.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.accessible-node-labels unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_administer_queue unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_application_max_priority unit_test *
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.acl_submit_applications unit_test get
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.auto-create-child-queue.enabled unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.capacity unit_test 20.5
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-application-priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-application-lifetime unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-applications unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.minimum-user-limit-percent unit_test 100
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.ordering-policy unit_test fifo
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.queues unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.d.user-limit-factor unit_test 1.0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.default-node-label-expression unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test -1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-am-resource-percent unit_test 0.1
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.maximum-capacity unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.multi-node-sorting.policy unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.ordering-policy unit_test utilization
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.priority unit_test 0
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.queues unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@79924b
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.reservable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.capacity.root.state unit_test null
yarn.scheduler.capacity.user-metrics.enable unit_test false
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb unit_test 8192
yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-vcores unit_test 4
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-mb unit_test 1024
yarn.scheduler.minimum-allocation-vcores unit_test 1
