hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@6a6571f1
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
yarn.http.policy unit_test HTTP_ONLY
yarn.timeline-service.enabled unit_test true
yarn.timeline-service.reader.class unit_test java.lang.Object
yarn.timeline-service.reader.webapp.address unit_test localhost:0
yarn.timeline-service.version unit_test 2.0
yarn.timeline-service.versions unit_test null
