file.bytes-per-checksum unit_test 512
file.stream-buffer-size unit_test 4096
fs.automatic.close unit_test true
fs.client.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
fs.client.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
fs.client.resolve.remote.symlinks unit_test true
fs.defaultFS unit_test file:///
fs.file.impl.disable.cache unit_test false
fs.local.block.size unit_test 33554432
fs.permissions.umask-mode unit_test 022
hadoop.htrace.sampler.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.span.receiver.classes unit_test null
hadoop.htrace.tracer.id unit_test null
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.security.uid.cache.secs unit_test 14400
hadoop.service.shutdown.timeout unit_test 30
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@c540f5a
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid unit_test true
io.file.buffer.size unit_test 4096
io.seqfile.compression.type unit_test null
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@10aa41f2
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@13b6aecc
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@17f7cd29
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1e66f1f5
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@1f59a598
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@26b3fd41
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@291caca8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@33c911a1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37271612
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37883b97
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@37ceb1df
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@38102d01
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@385e9564
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@394df057
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@399c4be1
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@3af9c5b7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@445b295b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@45b4c3a9
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@478190fc
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4961f6af
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@49e5f737
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4c309d4d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4c39bec8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4e3958e7
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@4e50c791
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@561b6512
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@58a9760d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5aebe890
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5b94b04d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@5c671d7f
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@609cd4d8
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@65d09a04
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6a2f6f80
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6aaceffd
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@6ab778a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@71e9ddb4
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7494f96a
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7530ad9c
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@757277dc
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@77f80c04
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7d8704ef
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@7ee8290b
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@8c3b9d
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@c86b9e3
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@e4487af
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@ed7f8b4
io.serializations unit_test [Ljava.lang.String;@f79e
mapred.child.ulimit unit_test null
mapred.task.maxvmem unit_test null
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.nonrecursive.ignore.subdirs unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.input.dir.recursive unit_test false
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.inputdir unit_test file:/root/hadoop-3.2.1-src/hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/target/test-dir/mapred
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads unit_test 1
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 104232
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 132292
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 14867
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 150146
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 155111
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 166956
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 177209
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 184711
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 186554
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 217127
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 223783
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 2599
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 35891
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 373175
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 410899
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 61509
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 65
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 85164
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.maxsize unit_test 86196
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.split.minsize unit_test 0
mapreduce.input.sequencefileinputfilter.frequency unit_test 1000
mapreduce.map.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.reduce.ulimit unit_test null
mapreduce.task.max.status.length unit_test 512
org.apache.hadoop.io.BytesWritable unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.Text unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.compress.DefaultCodec unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.WritableSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroReflectSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.io.serializer.avro.AvroSpecificSerialization unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test class
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConfigurable unit_test interface
zlib.compress.level unit_test DEFAULT_COMPRESSION
zlib.compress.strategy unit_test DEFAULT_STRATEGY
