mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -XXdef
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms25m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms2m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms30m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xms5m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx30m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx50m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test -Xmx5m
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test get
mapred.child.java.opts unit_test null
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -XXabc
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms10m
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms2m
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xms5m
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xmx10m
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test -Xmx2m
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test get
mapreduce.map.java.opts unit_test null
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -XXxyz
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms15m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms20m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xms3m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx20m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx3m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test -Xmx50m
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test get
mapreduce.reduce.java.opts unit_test null
