dfs.client.failover.connection.retries unit_test 0
dfs.client.failover.connection.retries.on.timeouts unit_test 0
dfs.client.failover.observer.auto-msync-period.testcluster unit_test -1
dfs.client.failover.random.order unit_test false
dfs.client.failover.random.order.testcluster unit_test null
dfs.ha.namenodes.testcluster unit_test [nn0,
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn0 unit_test [I@57c758ac
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn0 unit_test [I@62150f9e
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn1 unit_test [I@1a451d4d
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn1 unit_test [I@1ddf84b8
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn2 unit_test [I@1139b2f3
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn2 unit_test [I@7fa98a66
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn3 unit_test [I@15ff3e9e
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.auxiliary-ports.testcluster.nn3 unit_test [I@7a69b07
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn0 unit_test namenode0.test:8020
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn1 unit_test namenode1.test:8020
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn2 unit_test namenode2.test:8020
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.testcluster.nn3 unit_test namenode3.test:8020
dfs.nameservices unit_test [testcluster]
hadoop.kerberos.min.seconds.before.relogin unit_test 60
hadoop.security.auth_to_local unit_test RULE:[1:$1]
hadoop.security.auth_to_local.mechanism unit_test hadoop
hadoop.security.authentication unit_test simple
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.enabled unit_test false
hadoop.security.dns.log-slow-lookups.threshold.ms unit_test 1000
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload unit_test false
hadoop.security.groups.cache.background.reload.threads unit_test 3
hadoop.security.groups.cache.secs unit_test 300
hadoop.security.groups.cache.warn.after.ms unit_test 5000
hadoop.security.groups.negative-cache.secs unit_test 30
hadoop.security.token.service.use_ip unit_test true
hadoop.token.files unit_test null
hadoop.user.group.metrics.percentiles.intervals unit_test [I@703580bf
hadoop.user.group.static.mapping.overrides unit_test dr.who=;
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf unit_test null
